"It’s my 18th BIRTHDAY YAY!!! It’s also my first time wearing makeup , my mom did a pretty good job. WOOP WOOP"
"My life partner got to be a host for PBS and I'm just so ecstatic"
"Here's a penguin painting, have a great day!"
"Got out on a road-trip this weekend for the first time in years. Feelin’ sooo good finally."
"Just the warm feeling of Christmas in July, have a great day!"
"Went on the best first date last night with this girl. It went amazingly"
"I have severe emetephobia and won't let raw meat in the house. Today I made some breaded pork chops and TOUCHED THE RAW MEAT! I'm so proud, its taken so long to get here!"
"Being Daddy is hard, but it's the best..."
"My boyfriend and I moved in together after 2.5 years and just adopted a kitty! He’s still adjusting and hiding away but I’m so happy for us to be a family"
"Feeling happy to have some close friends"
"Started a Clothing Brand to Spread Positivity and Happiness! I need your honest feedback to make it better. Thank you so much!"
"I have my first Testosterone appointment in two days "
"Finally finished setting up my entire lego collection. It was a tough task collecting these and keeping them in proper condition, but they finally have a fixed home now :)"
"Months ago I was feeling down because someone tried to cancel me. Today I am fully recovered from the sadness it caused me and I was able to be there for someone else going through the same thing, this week!"
"Article on how to find a job that makes you happy"
"Staying up late and I got this reminder. Our one year anniversary is on the 27th. My first ever relationship to make it this far happily. He makes me smile and laugh and feel welcomed. He accepts me fully and yesterday we even sung a duet and cameoed in each other's solos. Rest in the comments ️"
"I make music purely out of love and I hope one day I can reach a level where I can make positive changes to the world. I truly love this earth and everyone in it anyone wanna hear a song? "
"This is how cops and civilians should be interacting! Roasting tf outta each other! "
"Studio Sunday makes me happy ️️"
"39 weeks pregnant and just got engaged! The ring doesn’t fit my finger right now but couldn’t be happier!"
"I took a cute girl to the NY botanical garden and left with a special souvenir!"
"HOW CUTE IS THIS DOG? i will definitely upvote back"
"It’s the weekend! Feelin’ good. It’s summer️  let’s do this!"
"Started talking through r/penpal on August 18 last year and are finally meeting in person today!!! Thank you Reddit community, you guys are the best."
"It has been extremely hard coming out as bi; I'm SO HAPPY to say my family have accepted who I am! Never thought I'll be able to get over this hurdle. I hope everyone is able to express themselves too and be proud of who you are! Things won't always go your way but just be CONFIDENT in yourself! :D"
"Just thought that it might brighten up your day a little :)"
"I cried for 40 minutes after someone very close to me told me they were proud of me"
"I got a new job today after 6 years of being in a job that didn’t make me happy"
"I’ve had a fear of alligators for the longest time, and I had a chance to hold a small one for the first time the other day, and I got the courage to, and it was awesome."
"My wife and I just closed on our first house!"
"Felt truly happy and content with life today. It has been a while that I was this happy and felt confident about myself so took this because I felt extra cute hehe  sending positive vibes to the world "
"I’m damn excited, happy, ecstatic… but on a serious note, thanks guys for supporting me and encouraging me to not give up a few months ago. I got my Exam results and….boy I’m happier than ever. Just thx. Carry on reading."
"2nd day of walking practice on biotech c-legs. First time on a sidewalk with no grass."
"I've been shaking my depression and volunteering at an afternoon kids program. Today a little girl melted my heart by making this for me  There is happiness to be found!"
"The things that are hard we can do, the things that are impossible will just take us a bit longer. :)"
"Thank you, a friend I've never met. Hope you happy every day!"
"Rhythmically Uplifting Classics (1950's-1980's) by Isaiah Talaga.. “this is a playlist I’ve been slowly working on for the past 5 years to help others.” Help me help others and comment music that has helped you through some hard times."
"you can look back at the past, make sure you enjoy every present moment, but the best is yet to come"
"It's not eloping when you get parental consent. I love you Ray and I look forward to our life of adventure!"
"The thought of the minuscule chance of coming across my boyfriend on Bumble two years ago makes me incredibly grateful to have him today."
"I (18F) think I’ve actually found a genuinely good guy"
"Full of the cold and in bed unwell but I did manage to get up and make my fiancée a surprise coffee. It looks so good I thought I'd share."
"They slipped me an extra sandwich in the drive through"
"Share some cake with me! Just got a promotion and a sizable raise!"
"Recently left a toxic workplace & financially I'm definitely not doing great lol but mentally? I feel like I've never been better.! Just wanted to share my joy somewhere =D"
"Making the situation for myself better in the last year of high school"
"I've had severe depression for the past 7 months ths, refused to hold a job and had to be reminded to shower. Brushing my teeth? What was that? But last week I applied for a job and today I received news I got it!!!! I am back baby!"
"The photographer taking staff pictures asked if they wanted my tattoo cropped out. They said it's kinda what I'm known for. Breaking the librarian mold! So happy to be somewhere that embraces me for being me."
"Celebrating 5 years with the wife! Never been so happy."
"Finally loving the skin that I’m in! Also took my first girl’s trip! Cheers to being 30!"
"My son is 4 days old, sleeping in my arms while I watch Jojos Bizarre Adventure. I start a new job in 2 weeks. I may not look it in this photo but I’ve never been happier"
"hi kiera i saw u today and it made me happy, u saved me from so much ily"
"I am 37. Woke up yesterday and decided to color my hair "
"20 years later and we just got engaged!!!"
"I’m moving out to go live in a place where I can feel safe and be with family and friends!"
"It's just somewhat rare moments of happy feelings that I'm having right now"
"i made a playlist with happy chill songs to listen to while getting coffee, check it out"
"I'm finally going on pointe in ballet haha !!"
"I got accepted into my dream university!"
"Found this photo of me and my uncle. He's the closest thing to a dad I've ever had and I love him more than words can describe. He'll also be walking me down the aisle at my wedding next year"
"I graduated therapy recently, got into a healthy relationship (which I haven’t been able to do for a long while) and am working hard on securing a career job. I’m very proud of who I am becoming. Hope you all are having a great day, don’t forget to smile at yourself. You deserve it!"
"After trying four times and things always falling through, I am finally a homeowner. So happy."
"Haven’t had a vacation in 8 years, haven’t seen the sea in 10 years, 100% burnt out and with severe anxiety. But next Monday I’m flying off to Turkey!️"
"A letter I plan on handwriting and giving to my uncle for his birthday"
"After five broken bones and multiple operations, I took my 'first walk' today after five weeks of bed rest. It feels so good to get outside and feel slightly more human again!"
"This pandemic cand be very bad for your mental health"
"I been through a lot involving some traumatic experiences and 'finding myself'. I've finally found the confidence to open up to my family/friends about private things that I've always kept to myself. I can't explain enough how happy I've been feeling ever since and with some of their support :)"
"Just appreciating the sacrifices my parents have taken to give me a good life here in US. I appreciate the clean air, open spaces, nature, and laws here, and while it's been 3 years since I've visited family in SE asia, I do plan on going back some day to catch up. But the US is where my home is."
"I was vibin this morning  (I’ve struggled with bdd for a while thinking my face is hideous without filters or makeup, but this morning i found my self feeling happy and pretty with neither on so i think this belongs here)"
"I’ve lost both of my parents and this couple claimed my kids and I as their own. If anyone asks, they always say I’m their daughter and that’s how they treat me. (My eyes are closed but this is one of my favorite photos anyway.)"
"Took this picture when I met my online friend for the first time. Still the modt beautiful picture I ever took!"
"The first small harvest of the season always makes me happy."
"Feeling confident enough to wear a bikini for the first time in years while enjoying my garden! I only wear it in my own backyard, but it feels really great and freeing. Plus I'm getting a tan and vegetables!"
"I was feeling down and unmotivated at work. Then I ask Siri to rap..."
"After two years of some really dark depression / flailing - I landed the promotion of my dreams and it’s been seven days since I brought home the love of my life, Cloud. The gratitude is unparalleled."
"First night with Coco and she already looks like she’s at home. Good First day, on to the next"
"Just positive vibes all around. Loving the energy I've been getting from losing some weight and being able to control my diet in a positive mindset for once. Sometimes I don't feel so body positive but learning to embrace my curves at 37. Definitely appreciating myself more in a positive manner "
"The simple things make me happy! When the sun finally decides to come out instead of the gloomy rainy weather we've been having ️"
"I went over a year with no Reddit awards, and woke up this morning to not only my first, but my second as well. I know it’s just karma but it made me really happy lol. In total, karma went up by about 70 overnight, which is an almost 25% increase for me."
"Got this cheeky little girl today and named her Coco :) Have a wonderful day people "
"This little monster brings me só much joy (adopted)"
"The day my uncle really became like my dad"
"One year and five months sober. Life is good. :)"
"Just found this little message of love in my new shirt, made my day :)"
"As the clouds slowly part from the pandemic, the chance to puppysit this fluffball is becoming a real bright spot in my life."
"Lockdown in my province has finally ended and I was able to go out for brunch with my beautiful girlfriend!! It’s good to be able to go out again, especially with people you love"
"Put yourself in a great state of mind with this upbeat, feel good instrumentals playlist featuring the lost, aesthetic sounds of 70s-90s era smooth jazz, fusion and new age. Shuffle and enjoy a relaxing and productive day~~"
"Where to Find College Scholarships of Every Stripe!"
"Where to Find College Scholarships of Every Stripe!"
"Nothing gets me in a better mood than being in my happy place (Boothbay, ME) so cheers to you all"
"I was hungry and just found a Baby Ruth in my freezer that i accidentally hid from my self."
"I was kinda insecure to have only a few people ate my birthday, but I couldn’t be happier"
"Completely Funded Scholarships in 2021-2022"
"It's my 10th cakeday, so here's a photo of 2 smiley dogs that make me happy!"
"If you're happy and you know it, clap your hands"
"Have a nice weekend peeps!! Keep Smiling:))"
"Being drunk and listening to the soundtrack of The Witcher whilest driving home into a sunset just feels right. Happy whatever day, I love this :)"
"I didn’t plant any sunflowers this year, but this one volunteered anyway. Makes me smile every day."
"It felt so good to be celebrated tonight "
"apu scholarship | MEXT (SGU) Scholarship | APU Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific"
"A squishy kiss from Buddy to make you happy"
"can’t think of a more peaceful view to wake up to on a Sunday"
"Happiness is cuddling with the sweetest kitty around!"
"A week ago South Africa, My country, was the victim of violent protests and mass looting on an unprecedented scale. Every shop and every major mall was looted by vandals. Shopping malls, factories, small shops, big shops, trucks that delivered food and fuel were burnt, And then this happened. Unity"
"Oh my goodness, you won't leave your face"
"I saved a baby sea turtle from the tideline at the beach yesterday."
"My world is so much fuller with people who love me than I could've ever expected (bonus pic of adorable dog included)"
"I just bought my dream car after years of struggling with engineering school and job hunting ! [2022 Genesis G70]"
"My spouse and I drove 13 hours to see my dad. We don’t see each other often, for geographical reasons. The trip has been magical so far."
"Thanks to the Lego store seller, who give me two free sets instead of one"
"I’m an evolution in motion. Pictures about 10 years apart. Happy to be TRULY alive today!"
"Asked my girlfriend of 1.5 years to marry me and she said yes!"
"It’s my cake day! Feat. Elf ears in the woods."
"I went for a walk just because I felt like it for the first time in a while. I helped someone. The rain finally stopped 1m bevor our river would be overflowing. I stood knee deep in the river that flooded our walkways in the sun, watching trees and debris swim by from a safe distace. Today was good"
"The crowd spoke, here’s more MoonUnit ️"
"My youngest niece just made this with Legos and said it was supposed to be me as a dinosaur. I let her know she did a great job and that it looks just like me."
"I received these cute Appa and Toothless plushies as birthday gifts. Plushies always make me happy. When I'm sad and alone, they make me less lonely."
"I passed my hardest 3D modeling class yet in my degree with a 97, and kept my GPA at a 3.94. Decided to celebrate by getting my nails done "
"For my whole life up until a wee bit ago, I was horribly self conscious about my stomach (I was always chubby as a kid and through my preteen years) and I never thought that I changed and grew. So now I’m happy to say that through working out and taking a new point of view, I am proud of my stomach!"
"Now boyfriend, inally over my ex who i o seemed over"
"I'm a teenager with crohn's, and I want to inspire and motivate you to life the happiest life you can"
"I mean c’mon how can this not make you happy "
"I just scheduled my first surgical consult!!!"
"I passed my drivers test today!! I already failed it once and was extremely nervous to fail again. I needed the license ASAP for various reason and now I’ve finally gotten it!"
"Happy to eat village food rice and curry its yummy"
"Just quit a job that made me miserable for four years and I am the happiest I can remember being in a very long time!"
"I gave this to my grandma back in 1996 for her trip to Europe. She just came to show me she still has it and she has it in her wallet and goes with it everywhere"
"My bathroom faucet was smiling at me this morning. Things have been going well lately after starting Prozac- I’m happy to feel happy "
"It's not much but after long days of coding rendering a triangle finally works! Haven't been so happy in a long time."
"Happy for parents but moms and single moms a lot right now in the us"
"The first time I’ve ever won anything before and I won twice! I won My college’s Best Director and Audience Choice Best Project award"
"I’ve told my best friend that I’ve been feeling kinda down lately, and after I was gone for a few hours (tennis lessons) this is the text I received <3"
"After six years I finally published my first book"
" Whale Shark gliding through Bioluminescent Algae looks like its floating through space. By Mike Nulty"
"Finally started taking care of my mental health and focusing on the things that make me happy!"
"Bought our first house, Daisy is happy to have a yard of her own"
"Chaz has been with me through thick and thin..without him I honest to god wouldn't be alive. Happy sixteenth birthday my man!!"
"My heart ️ found a home  5/15/2021"
"Got my beautiful cards in the mail today... Time to spread some cheer! Be kind to each other folks "
"This summer break has been rough. Zero motivation and stress about my future had me sleeping all day and not taking care of myself. By chance (more like a blessing) my sister could no longer keep her dog so she came to live with me. She has changed me in such a short time! Meet Piggy!"
"Nothing big but it's been a few weeks with this one and I can't explain how happy and content she has made me feel"
"Started the day pretty crappy. But decided to go out and do something about it. Grabbed a nice meal, found a park bench, and watched some old folks play some volleyball. Consider mood reset."
"Something small but I bought a tumble dryer and got to hold a big bundle of laundry that was all warm, like a big hug."
"An app focused on the small happy things in life :)"
"I don’t know if you’ve guys have seen this account. But it’s literally just the husband “simping” over his wife even after 24 years of marriage. And I’m down for it, it’s so bloody cute."
"A Daily Joke To Make You Smile and Have a Great Day!"
"What are some small and simple things you can do for others to make them happy?"
"Today my partner and myself have made an offer on a flat and we will move in together in a few weeks."
"I somehow managed to get Habaneros and tomatoes to grow, so I used them to make my first ever hot sauce!! (It's mild and smokey). Take that depression and ADHD!"
"Asked a question on r/reddit. Commenter didn't disappoint."
"It's my cake day of 5 years, and it's a good day!"
"Awesome deer celebrates after amazing goal probably after years of training"
"Cake day happiness! It’s my first cake day and I just wanted to celebrate with Reddit. It’s been a great first year."
"Boss gave me this today following a project. Thought a lot of the work went unnoticed. Gotta say, made me feel pretty good."
"My website for my homemade lipgloss/lip balm is finally up and running! Don’t have much added yet but it’s a start!"
"I reached a high adventure rank with chongyun, it made me really happy because he's been on my team since ar12-54 :]"
"This picture of my husband and I makes me very happy"
"Age never be a barrier which they prove by dancing . Enjoy their dance"
"First flowers I ever gave my wife. Decided to pick some for our 5 year anniversary. She was overjoyed."
"i’ve recently added dei/deis and fae/faer on my pronouns list!"
"For the first time in 4 years, I feel hopeful for what the future holds for me."
"One week ago I finished my (hopefully) last round of TPE for autoimmune encephalitis. Today I made it to 35."
"This is Marcos. He enjoys sunshine and hammocks. Immaculate vibes"
"Moving Out! Excited To Get Healthy In Every Way!"
"Just attended my first theatre performance in a year!!!"
"I have discovered the best use for cargo pants"
"I made a friend and 8 sales of my watercolor paintings today. I'm over the moon proud of myself for facing some anxiety and getting out there."
"The theater play I am in premiered yesterday and it went amazing, my freshly-bathed cat is chilling with me and my mental health is finally getting better. I am happy :)"
"Happy Birthday to me! Unlike last year I actually get to have a gathering with friends! I'm so excited! The party will start in 32 minutes!"
"So few moments of perfect bliss. Cool weather in July, a great meal, the kids running around and laughing and a freshly mowed yard."
"For the first time in life, I’m confidently, madly in love with someone"
"My stepmom and stepbrother finally moved in with me and my dad today. We’re officially a complete family now"
"a motivational sticker that caught my eye today at the knickerbocker ave station in brooklyn, nyc ♡︎"
"Bucket list item - started the 9dollarclub!"
"A very happy little sign in front of a local coffee shop in Indianapolis."
"TikTok: Hell_Spawn.69_3 Just hit 30 mins on treadmil today, gonna hit the gym on Tuesday! I'm so happy that I'm finally loosing weight!! :)"
"Today, my second son was born and I’m 8 months sober"
"Ive accomplished a personal achievement and it feels great"
"Just a happy girl announcing it, I hope it makes someone else feel better [21F]"
"Last few years have been a financial struggle for the husband and I. I've been wearing the same torn up, stained, and bleached converse for atleast 7+ years. Today I opened the gym bag after work and he surprised me with a brand new pair. Small for most, but I'm in happy tears!"
"For the first time in my veterinary career, a client got me a gift to show gratitude"
"I found a delicious alternative to olives that is very healthy."
"I don't want a hundred friends, I want a friend for a hundred years."
"Hi everyone, My health and fitness have been down recently and yesterday was my first day of running, Hoping I can last two km everyday for these next few weeks at least,Wish me luck!"
"The night I had my first kiss ever, and everything leading up to it"
"I just got a car today!!! I am beyond excited "
"Wounds turn to scars with each day that passes, and I’m celebrating 16 days free of self harm! Healing feels good."
"National Spelling Bee gets its first African-American winner!"
"after therapy, i go get myself a little boba and it makes the whole day better :3"
"self love first whenever we love someone we forget ourselves sometimes"
"This person was asking for suggestions to make a Gryffindor playlist I responded probably not thinking much of that but it made my day that she responded so whoever you want just know you made my day to day"
"I started a new job today and I can honestly say things are looking up :)"
"Our cat just had kittens! All are nursing right after she gave birth on our bed. Woke up to witness 2 be born after the first 3 were out and cleaned up!"
"I’m pregnant! I can’t tell anyone yet it’s too early but I’m so excited I needed to tell someone!! "
"Been struggling with becoming healthy and my fiancee told me she was proud of me"
"I won my first game of bedwars legitimately"
"I never do wacky colors for nails and for some reason this gave me so much anxiety but y’know I’m happy with my ostentatious blue nails "
"I went to a spa for the first time and loved it. I've NEVER been this zen-ed out "
"Recently moved into my first house with the girl I’ve been in love with for the past three years! Couldn’t be happier ️"
"I have the greatest best friend I could have ever asked for and she truly saved me from myself and from the crowd I used to hang out with."
"Found my old N64 with all its cords intact and in good condition. Really enjoying playing Ocarina of Time cause I don’t remember most of it and it’s playing it again for the first time :)"
"I'm in a fancy elevator to my first day on my first job! (The mirror is dirty I apologize lol)"
"I need to get this off my chest before I explode!"
"We'll get there. One day at a time. Prioritize your health and family. But don't forget to enjoy the little things in life.. fresh air, the birds, fishing outside of work. Having a healthy relationship with yourself is so important. I never really care for titles. Every job and life is important. "
"This song always brings me out of a depressed episode. Today was a very heavy, but this song pulled me through and kept me in an optimistic mood."
"I’ve tried cooking many times but this is the first time thing went well and I’m proud of the result"
"Yesterday was my birthday the best day ever I turned 19 this is the start of my adventures chasing my dream there's a lot to explore in this life so I have a lot to experience I'm so excited!!!"
"The wetlands on our property make so many frogs HAPPY!!(volume up)"
"I am nearly 60 and this text from my grandson made me cry with pure joy."
"My bf is my hero. Yesterday we were talking about my ED that I recently come over and how it made me gain weight. And he pulled the car over to reassure me that he’s so proud of me and everything is gonna be okay. That I am beautiful and he loves my body. Very grateful for this man."
"After 27 years of biting my nails, I have FINALLY successfully quit"
"After years of being an office drone I finally am living again. Getting paid to take surf photos makes me happy!"
"community pantry to help starving people in the streets was a success"
"My boyfriend flew out to LA today to stay at Danny Duncan’s house."
"Learn to leave the past behind and focus on living the present Follow us on Instagram: @Gnjapp"
"Wife and I adopted three foster kittens, we were only playing on getting two but we couldn't leave anyone behind. Two girls and a boy Chloe Emma and Daniel"
"After ten years of battling aniexty, I overcame it and went through finally with the decision to go on HRT."
"New to reddit so idk if I’m doing this right, but I thought this would be cool to share… Today marks one full year that I’ve been done with chemo! :) (first pic is a year ago, second is today)"
"The other day after 10 year of being together I finally got married to the most wonderful woman I've ever met (photos by lina_hayes link in comments)"
"this is my first time wearing eye makeup. i feel pretty!"
"With all the negativity and angry posts on Reddit I'm glad subs like this exists. Anyway, here is a photo of Myself, my wife and daughter on the happiest day of our life"
"Friend of mine told me how to pose and I did. These are the first pictures I've ever seen myself in and felt truly handsome. I almost cried."
"Just a little doge snuggles in the evening"
"We both gonna graduate with 1sts in University!!! Never been so proud of someone than her!!"
"My friend is being judged unfairly and poked fun at."
"After 2 years, the love of my life said yes to me last night! I'm extatic and just want to share with the world"
"My daughter learned how to ride a bike yesterday."
"I left my “dream” industry in absolute shambles. This past week I went into the undeveloped Wilderness on horseback for five days and I feel a spark of life and passion in me again. I can’t believe it!"
"I've been drawing for 5 years now, and began seriously trying to develop my skills for the last two. This is my progress."
"Thank you for existing and so grateful to have you in my life"
"Irl birthday and I don’t often get gifts. Girlfriend painted these for me!"
"""Hey, what's this?"" I said to my wife while she was cooking on the stove. She turned and grinned at me. ""You got yourself something for the 4th of July,"" she said with a wink. It turned out to be a luxury robe with some amazing golden dragon pattern. I tried it on and felt like royalty all day "
"It took me quite a while to hand paint the mural but our little girls room is finally finished and I never want to leave! "
"Acceptance is the greatest thing of all because it means to embrace everything without discernment"
"It's my birthday and I got a Super Mario cake! Plus it's not chocolate! I had three pieces for breakfast."
"I woke up not remembering I had actually cleaned this."
"Happy Freakin Birthday to Me Mitchesssss!!!"
"You see these posts, but it’s… this time it’s us!"
"Couldn’t ask for a better day to catch up on Clone Wars and smoke some butts. No matter how bad your days are it’s the little things (no matter how small) that make it worth it."
"Be one with the Universe, to be Happy in Life"
"I want to share my love and my smile and my happy vibes with all the redditors every day from now, remember your beautiful and special, also if you don't feel it that way! ️️"
"deleted my facebook and instagram accounts and i feel much better"
"Today I bought this $550 target egg patio chair for over half off at a liquidation store, it’s missing 2 nuts and I think a cushion BUT ITS SO CUTE….ft. my not alive flowers. Can’t wait to read here."
"I had to wait 2 years to become a cat mom again. The wait was 100% worth it for them!"
"On the 6th of June, my best friend and I finally had our commitment ceremony after having to wait an extra year - somehow I hover-handed my own wife."
"“Here goes nothing” says my wife, moments after handing me two positive pregnancy tests. It’s too early to tell our families but I can’t contain my excitement so I’m sharing with y’all. Happiest moment of my life, so far."
"Coming out of quarantine happy and healthy"
"A smile is happiness you'll find right under your nose. "
"I love when I downvote someone’s stupid response without realizing that someone already did and it turns into -1 instead of 0 ️"
"It seems like kids all around the world love playing with filters"
"I am jealous of all the happy / positive people on this sub-reddit. I have one question, how do you do it? How can I be happy?"
"I turned 30 yesterday. I always thought I’d feel so old when it came around, but my 20s were filled with so many hard life lessons that it actually feels amazing moving on from them "
"“Do not allow negative thoughts to enter your mind for they are weeds that strangle confidence.”- Bruce Lee ️ Read More Quotes About Hope For A Better Future Full of Progress.. ️"
"Wanted to share my love and my smile with all of you awesome people from this community, today was a special day. Never forget that you are special and loved! ️️"
"I got this sensory toys for adults like me who deal with ADHD and Autism, I am so SUPER happy! Wish people on reddit where more respectful for people with ADHD or Autism, or both just like me!"
"My boyfriend’s bday is tomorrow . I spent 6 hours up painting him a picture! Before the pandemic we used to go to the Ocean all the time."
"How to be Happy - 12 Things You Must Not Do If You Want to Be Happy"
"Please join - I aim to create a community that uplifts and encourages through the lens of Kung Fu Panda and his buddies... just like Master Oogway wanted it :)"
"Waking up in my own apartment after my mom moved to her own apartment. I just got Rental assistance so it's half price for 3 months too. Love it. Bought a lot of plants"
"My fiancé proposed to me at his grandfather's 95th birthday with his grandmother's ring. Her name was also Charlotte "
"I said hi to my ex at school but it felt really good"
"After alot of work on my credit score, some scholarship money, and a bit of savings. I'm now the proud owner of a MPC!"
"Been depressed for years. I haven’t enjoyed being outside until i met him"
"After 23 years, I have finally paid off all of my student loans"
"For my 30th bday yesterday, I shaved my head after almost 5 years, and will be donating it to charity"
"My BF (who I met on Reddit last year) took me surfing this afternoon"
"I’ve NEVER had a day start out as good as today has."
"My husband and I got some chicks together today and I'm so happy  This has been my dream since having chickens during my childhood, and we got my dream breeds too "
"Seeing this photo makes me smile with joy. (Left to right) My father, My new born sister, and myself."
"Ex-Mormon liberated and free! 115 lbs weight loss and getting a second chance at life now  ️"
"Heartbreak after heartbreak while househunting in this market, so we added some happiness to our family in the form of four paws  Meet Arlo "
"So guess what happened with my girlfriend today"
"I struggle with bipolar but today is a good mental health day yay im so happy"
"I just realised today that I have paid off half of my credit card debt"
"Margaritas and tacos are enough to make me smile big "
"Updating on a post I made 3 years ago - I graduated nursing school"
"Saw this on my walk today and it brightened my day!"
"I'm in a meaningful/healthy relationship for the first time"
"First time gardener, and my roses bloomed for some pretty spectacular flowers!!!"
"Finally got all my certifications to take a step forward in becoming a local94 engineer!!!!!"
"I passed my state insurance licensing exam"
"I have struggled with self esteem for years. I haven’t felt pretty, in so long. But, I got dressed up, and went out to dinner. And in this picture, for the first time in a long time, I actually felt pretty. ️"
"Finally after year of saving I bought my first bike"
"Just had ice cream for the first time since seeing a dentist after a decade of being too scared to go"
"We'd love to take a look at the menu, lovely waiter"""
"Her father is color blind and her gift for fatherday make her father so happy."
"This quote makes me happy everyday. Even when things get tough. Thought I’d share it for someone who needs it"
"I am so excited to move to my new hometown"
"On our first date, he promised to get me a dog. 3 years later he kept his promise and I love our little family"
"One month  without self harm. Happy with my self "
"An app focused on only the happy parts of life"
"Do Happy People Live Longer? Fun Way to Live Longer"
"After years of perseverance, my wife is finally a published author! We saw her book on the shelves of our local bookstore and she signed some copies too!"
"Landed my dream internship at a park. Got my own apartment. Feeling good about life. I’m doing it!"
"[Very happy] First to post breaking news on Reddit, on r/news, got 5 upvotes within 1 minute"
"fed a horse a carrot for the first time ever today, my boyfriend caught this pure moment of joy on video."
"After a long year, we finally have some good news to share with our families! I said yes "
"Finally married my best friend and could not be happier!"
"My step son drew a picture and asked me to color it. I think I'm going to ask him to make me a coloring book. "
"Things that make me happy, that I think you'll like too!"
"A photo of my cat cheering me up on a depressed day. I love her so much and she keeps me going."
"feeling happier for being a vegetarian and being spiritual?!"
"Its baby Bruce's first birthday today!! "
"Got married to a beautiful soul yesterday, golfed with family and friends today, and leave for our honeymoon tomorrow! Life is good right now!"
"A beautiful Florida visit, I can’t wait to move here. This year has been brutal, I’m so happy to finally be HAPPY!!!"
"My school is letting me register for fall!"
"I created this surreal digital painting with Adobe Illustrator : )"
"We are first time buyers and we've just had an offer accepted to buy our first house!!!"
"Got the chance to meet Morkskywalker (aka the Baby Yoda Dog)"
"Happystats - hope it’s ok to post here. It seemed.. relevant :)"
"Double vaxxed to the maxx! Never been this thrilled to get a needle!"
"My little mans only request for his eighth birthday was a suit .. he’s an old soul true and true .. Happy Birthday Hendrix!"
"Just paid off my $9k credit card balance I started 11 years ago!"
"That guy who lives in Norway has not seen his parents over a year who live in Sweden. They hadn't seen their granddaughter until he came to surprise his mom and dad. What a happy moment for all of them."
"Put yourself in a great state of mind with this upbeat, feel good instrumentals playlist featuring the lost, aesthetic sounds of 70s-90s era smooth jazz, fusion and new age. Shuffle and enjoy a relaxing and productive day~~"
"Depression is a long war, but I think I just won the first battle! Cleaned up my room for the first time in months. It feels like a new home, everything just seems so much brighter!"
"Ive been looking for a hobby that. I can stick with for a long time. The other day I just got a skateboard and I think I found that hobby!! No other feeling compares to when youre riding or landing tricks :)"
"Today is the day when I just went off to say. I am going make this life great again !!"
"Found happiness? Help others along the path of life to find it too."
"I finally get to meet my dog since March 2020. She was living with my cousin and I was living in a different city when the initial lockdown was announced. There were different restrictions in place that always hindered my plans to see her. Finally, I made home today and here is my precious pooch."
"I can't believe how lucky I am with my boyfriend. I've always felt so burdensome because of my depression and anxiety, but he never makes me feel like a problem. He always supports me through my struggles."
"Punny Jokes of the Day to Make You Smile!!!"
"Celebrating our 28th Anniversary With a Nerdy Trip To the Perot Science Museum in Dallas"
"Got my own house now, now I can fly the flag"
"My step son drew this with a metallic marker, changes in the light. I think it's a pretty cool little drawing. He is just tapping into his artistic side and it's so cool to watch him get more excited about it. Love this kid!"
"A year after being rescued she is a happy avocado cat"
"Went on an adventure outside today. The weather was beautiful, and the sun was bright. Was super excited when I managed to take a picture of this cute little bee. Little things like this make me incredibly happy!!"
"When the biggest problem of your day is the tag sticking out from your dress  6+ years sober from alc + eating disorders"
"The Worst Ice Cream in the World that will put a smile on your face."
"First time off leash…got a little too excited!"
"Going to ask my girlfriend of one year to marry me on her spooky October birthday."
"It’s the little things in life, finally a new air conditioner! And this one works! Finally some cool air!"
"Wish I was as happy as my hippopitamus !"
"Beat depression's ass and lived to see myself graduating this grade! Next goal: just keep going."
"Why hugging 8 times in a day daily is important........"
"Teaching the next generation about Mario Kart on Wii. ️"
"A girl and a cammel laughing their asses off"
"Been feeling anxious and down recently so I took a nice walk through Harold Parker State Forest. Already feeling better."
"I’m alive and that’s enough to be proud of."
"My boyfriend and I went on a date today and I just keep falling more in love with him ️"
"I'm going out with my ""celebrity crush""!"
"I got a $500 bonus today from my boss for all the hard work I’ve been putting in recently. I feel so appreciated and overjoyed!"
"Life has had its ups and downs over the past few years but this lovely lady has always been with me for every second. I took this very blurry photo today and every time I look at it makes me happy so I thought I’d share :)"
"My wife’s Silver Play Button from Youtube arrived right now and we’re just overwhelmed."
"Daily Punny Joke To Make You Smile Today!!!"
"Me and my bestfriend singing over « Big enough » with slightly less talent than the original"
"Life is not a credit card. We never get maxed out on happiness."
"Life is not a credit card. We never get maxed out on happiness."
"We need more of this in the world.imagine how much acceptence and comfort she must have felt and ofcourse how happy she and her family was"
"I am a huge procastinator, so I set a goal for mysef: Get to 100,000 basketball shots. I am 3-week in and I am close to 5,000 shots."
"Every day we walk the trails in the woods and play with other dogs. But this is her favorite part!"
"Finally got my bathtub drain cleaned! It took several tries but after getting a six foot snake and a shop vac I was able to clean out years of hair and gunk build up. It was so bad that we were taking a bath every time we showered but now it's clean! I'm so happy!"
"I am so happy!!! Today I officially left school for good. I did my 12th grade like I was meant to do and I love the me that finished it"
"Myself (29F) and my brother (21M) moved away from a violent house, built our own lives from scratch, and made a home. We always wanted a cat. After 2 years of false leads and promises, we've finally been offered a kitten from a friend! I can't wait to tell my brother when he gets home from work!"
"Punny Joke of the Day to Make Everyone Smile!"
"Been struggling mentally more than ever, so I finally did the thing and got a kitten. I have actually been excited to wake up, and waking up HAPPY for the first time in a long time - all with the help of this little Bean <3"
"Cooked For Myself For the First Time I Feel So Accomplished Right Now!!"
"I have graduated from DMACC, another step to my future!"
"Finally I can say I'm happy and it feels great!!!!"
"Life has been hard lately but I'm loving this weather today "
"I had the surgery I've been waiting two years for yesterday and I couldn't be happier!!  life is goooood"
"This little guy showed up 5 days ago and i’ve been feeding him until I had a minute to contact a shelter. Long story short, no room at the inn but a neighbor ive never met before just helped me coax and capture and is going to feed and foster!"
"I posted an image on reddit and the awesome @boozwhatrash took the time to draw and colour this. Feel quite humbled and happy so I'm sharing it here. Such a nice gesture."
"1 yr ago today, I FINALLY listened to my bf & made an acct. I’d been struggling to find a space where I fit in & felt like a dying flower (literally) due to lack of connection w/ others. But, you all here have been BEYOND amazing reminding me that I will find my tribe & purpose"
"Passed a delayed thesis with distinction.."
"1 Year Sober. 275 lbs to 208, an XXL to a Large, and 44 pants to 34."
"After losing my baby of fifteen years I was so afraid to have another but I’m so happy to give this golden baby a loving home. He’s been asleep on my chest for the past hour and I haven’t been this happy in a long time."
"After six years of hardships, a Bipolar type 1 diagnosis, multiple hospitalisations, being on the brink of dropping out every single semester, I finally graduated Business School."
"Passed Pole Climbing school! Fell a few times, covered in blisters, and conquered some fears I didn’t know I had. One of the hardest moments in my work life, but I couldn’t be prouder for following through despite my fears and doubts."
"after 5 years of working for the same company I've finally been given a raise"
"Got 13 nuggies out of a twelf pack on a terrible day!"
"My partner got his first piercing today and can't stop talking about how cute he looks :')"
"After 29 years on this earth and during the lowest time of my life, I finally found someone I hope to grow old with. It gets better"
"Trying to fight back against my depression I got up and mowed my lawn today! Looks terrible but still!"
"Me and my friend normally message through Instagram but I decided to message her on discord today but she didn't like it, the reasoning made me so happy."
"I just finished my 6th year of public school teaching, and took myself to a u-pick flower farm to celebrate!"
"This may not seem like much, but assembling my own work space is such a huge accomplishment for me. (story in comments)"
"It kinda hurted to be rejected but this made my day"
"I stayed up all night talking with the most amazing woman."
"Got my first subscriber and my first like!"
"I just graduated and I’m finally a nurse!! I’m so happy I just wanted to share somewhere :)"
"A student sent this drawing today, she is just 7 years old ! I had just helped her with basic maths ! I am not a professional teacher though"
"Our boy is turning 1 in a week, he's a quarantine baby and today he made a milestone. He let a few ladies give him loving (pets and he gave a few kisses!) on his walk today. I'm a proud mommy."
"I just got my first ever job! I was so scared at the interview but I aced it! I had woken up suicidal yesterday and today I woke up with some hope."
"She was mad because I was stupid so I sent this. All is good now :)."
"I managed to finally get my life together, and I am proud of it."
"Finally 100% vaccinated!  after longer then 1 year in home isolation due to chronical illness and high risk group I can finally have my freedom back soon!"
"So happy NFL player Carl Nassib has come out!"
"I went backpacking with my two very best friends this past weekend and my heart is so happy. Happy Monday, everyone!!"
"I'm only 0,5 kg left to my dream weight and I feel so elated "
"So happy NFL player Carl Nassib has come out!"
"i’ve told my Dad Happy Father’s Day every year for my entire life, today is the first day he’s been able to respond with a, “you too.” :)"
"Im a transwoman (m2f). In 2017 I may have been smiling, but I was losing the battle inside. I was self medicating hard and I tried to unalive myself. I was institutionalized for ~30 days. 4 years later I am transitioned, insanely happy, living my best life, and just happy for each day that I have."
"Here Comes the Sun - magic song for magical moments!"
"Hi guys. I just got my exam results! Passed with first division. So I wanted to share my happiness with you :’)"
"I am a single mom and I struggle with what to do with my kid on summer breaks. Well, my child is gifted and this year her school created a free summer camp for kids just like her. I couldnt be happier."
"Baby boy born 10:01 P.M. on Father's Day! Who could ask for a better gift?"
"I had a depressive episode a few weeks ago and I’m taking care of my Mom after major surgery. Everything in my life elsewhere has been neglected. My room is a heap, and I’m finally getting to it today. This bloomed despite it all. My depression it will be there forever but I can bloom despite it all"
"So grateful for my partners support and love."
"After a few months, I finally feel happy."
"Drove 8 hours to see family, grabbed a steak from the store, and had a little bit of help to cook it.... He's the best and most jealous friend I have and I wouldn't change it for the world"
"Nothing makes me happier than hearing stories and exploring topics that peak my curiosity. I asked everyday people around San Francisco to hear their opinions around happiness, stigma, mental health, depression and therapy. I heard a lot of great answers that surprised me."
"I called my dad on video and he started crying."
"Not sure where to put this. My boyfriend and I bought our first home together and he has been practicing this song for a few weeks. We had just laid down, the sun was going down and he was playing it. Perfect, happy night ️"
"Thinking about my kitten I'm getting on the next few days, brings me so much joy I had to share with you all "
"My African Violet bloomed!! It’s taken a year but it makes me smile."
"I like it when my husband gets into the shows I watch."
"Today is a good day!! I still got it!! There's hope!"
"My boyfriend loved a quick dinner I threw together"
"Juneteenth makes me happy, especially now that it's a federal holiday"
"Thought I was posing for a waterfall photo when he proposed. I said yes!"
"So happy that our apple mangoes are now ripe and they're big!"
"Won some money at the casino and now I’m gonna spend my winnings at Jack And the Box."
"Been working on my yard all morning. Now enjoying the day "
"Almost at the end of 9 weeks of chemo. Can’t take the smile away."
"Nothing makes me happier than seeing my daughter happy. Living her best life with her new friend she met a couple hours before this picture."
"I hate doing cardio workouts more than anything in the world, but yesterday I hit 1000 miles biked on my workout app. Here's to the next 1280.3 miles!"
"After a few weeks of work our patch of gravel is almost a lawn! Hard work keeps paying off :)"
"Tomorrow I put in my two weeks notice at my terrible job."
"This is Beryl. She got DOGcalled today. A guy leaned out of his car as he was driving by and said ""Hey you, I like your dog!"". Clearly he is am upstanding citizen of impeccable taste."
"I was raised a bigot and tonight I got to pay for my first openly gay friends dinner."
"I'm so happy for myself and I deserve this all"
"I got acceoted into my dream school after thinking I'd never get this far in my life"
"After a year of lockdowns it made me so happy to go hiking in our beautiful nature again ️"
"I spent a messy 3 years drunk. Now stable, dream job, dream wife and a home owner."
"Okay let’s be honest….you just can’t beat the warm embrace of a box of puppies "
"My 69 year old father has never watched a TV series before. I got him started on lost and he got so excited and into it, watching all 6 season in less than a month :)"
"My son caught his first fish today, got him mirroring his accomplishment"
"Today's my cakeday and I had my vaccination!"
"We’re having a second child so my husband decided we needed a legit video to announce it. Made by him!"
"Got a job for the summer at the fire house :D"
"Depression told me to stay home and mope, but today I said no."
"Have you ever seen a genuine smile before? Because here’s mine. It’s nice to feel good again!"
"Hello  everyone, I hope you doing great, I just came to ask about help, my friend has depression, she asks me if somebody can talk to her, she want will feel comfort about her life. I hope somebody can help her."
"Found my father on ancestry after 34 years—my son and I meeting him for the first time. I’m so happy!"
"Saw a wild deer, didn’t know I was being filmed"
"Danish footballer Christian Eriksen is recovering well after his cardiac arrest."
"An anonymous stranger paid for my breakfast today"
"It’s a couple days late posting, but 12 June was Loving Day in the US and I hope everyone was able to celebrate!"
"I've managed to get my students to love the brood x cicadas as much as me. 4th grade has made them a little house and have been gently escorting them to it."
"I went to a new school and got a friend."
"I got new skate shoes as an early birthday gift! What a coincidence it’s what I’ve been hoping for! I didn’t even say that I wanted shoes. My aunt just said “Let me gift you shoes for your birthday”. I was also hesitant since this is pricey. This is also my first pair of Vans!"
"Bought her some things while I was out. She didn't help me bring it upstairs, but she makes me happy!"
"My boyfriend is a recovering addict. He’s a huuuuge movie buff and once had a collection of hundreds of movies. While he was using he sold all of them for drug money, and says it’s one of his biggest regrets... so I’m starting it back up for him "
"I think I'm starting to feel a little bit of happiness"
"Battling depression daily. Today I'm winning!"
"Here is my smile to share with the reddit world! ️"
"Been a stressful few weeks. A good friend invited me to his birthday party."
"Have an amazing week! Being optimistic is key!"
"The sun is out, England have just won and I now officially don't need any tablets to help me leave the house! Who wouldn't be happy about all of that."
"Several toxic relationships later (for both of us) - it’s good to finally be happy"
"They are truly so happy to get that kitty"
"The rescue wanted to take a family photo while they dropped Nala off at our house today, look at that forever home smile!"
"After 6 years of night school and an internship I got to see some results!! Got 87% and was offered a chance of a 9 months internship fully payed like a job!! (nothing guaranteed but just to have an offer!!)"
"I was diagnosed with ADHD this week and started meds - I was finally able to clean my room for the first time in months!"
"This kid's absolutely pure joy and enthusiasm made me happy to watch"
"Study Group for Coursera Happiness Course (free + certificate + live sessions with Prof.)"
"My dog makes me happy! Please give her a follow and a like!"
"I was looking for HappyCoin and I found this community. I am glad I found two of the Happiest communities ️"
"Five years ago today I joined Reddit to make friends and feel like part of something bigger than myself. Now I'm engaged to someone I met on Reddit. Thanks for all the great times "
"I met this wonderful woman 5 years ago.Helped me steer away from bad coping mechanisms, I'm now a Step-Father and a Father, have a positive focus and every day I'm grateful for what I have. I feel so fortunate that you only get one turn on this planet and I get to spend it with my Family."
"Just wanted to share a feeling of happiness and contentment … as an introvert rare the moments when I let it out naturally. "
"People that aren’t my family are enjoying my music, I haven’t been this happy over something in a long while"
"Despite the distance between us when we first met and the epidemic making travelling difficult. We’re finally together (and hopefully forever) :)"
"Today, I celebrated finishing A1 in German language :)"
"I posted here earlier about how me and a girl I liked confessed to each other, here are some pics from our first date"
"Taught the 3rd and last of my daughters to ride a bike, here she is riding away from daddy."
"Ive always bit my nails for as long as I can remember and I finally quit last week! To celebrate, I decided to say F** it to the social norms and let my friend paint my nails a very manly black color. I feel so free and happy and honestly, I think I will keep painting them  FUCK TOXIC MASCULINITY!"
"Started getting back into my art career after this grueling semester. Feels good to be back at it!"
"Young girl finds out she is going to be adopted"
"Started therapy a little over a month ago and will start “trauma” therapy tomorrow. Feeling more love for myself than I ever have. My confidence is also through the roof, very unfamiliar but amazing feeling. "
"3 years of trying, 3 losses, a family adoption, and the baby is A GIRL!"
"my mother told me something imma prolly never forget"
"I had so much fun at the beach yesterday, and my friends and I are planning another really fun day today!"
"Young girl finds out she is going to be adopted"
"Why do we need to find out who we are and be happy"
"I finally picked up colouring again! I almost forgot how good it felt to do this"
"Young girl finds out she is going to be adopted"
"Went to Mall of America and felt like a kid again ️"
"This may be one of the best days of my life"
"We the people really care for animals. And I am so happy to see that video"
"I just finished preparing five batches of cookies this week, and I am proud "
"Im happy with how im turning out :) I realized i was agender a few weeks ago, now i have a mohawk and where bright make up :) before that i was wearing nothing but mens stuff and keeping my hair short. Loving it :)"
"Painting this giant galaxy scene brought me so much genuine happiness!"
"I stood up for myself and I'm so happy!!"
"Just moved somewhere new and saw this on my phone screen"
"Today I got a hug from a girl since it is the last day of school and she said she is gonna miss me and I am really happy now."
"Sharing my first tattoo! I am so happy. I named her Daisy. Lol "
"I saw a cat walking around my house that i've never seen before"
"Finally starting to see progress from working out!!!"
"Anyone else want to help celebrate Mr. Emond on his 100th birthday?"
"I was down bad in CC debt and interest payments — I finally put my foot down and it feels so good"
"Seeing my dog so comfortable makes me filled with happiness!"
"Please fill the comments with small things that make you happy! Reasons to smile, you know? Let's love and enjoy life! Have a great day beautiful people :)"
"A boy rejected my best friend when she asked him to prom, she was upset so today I surprised her at her house and promposed! It was so nice to see her so happy."
"May it bring you happiness, love and peace."
"I got extra credit on my science project"
"Took a road trip to San Francisco with my husky puppy and took this wonderful pic that brings me so much joy!"
"After 6 excruciating years of not understanding maths I got my first A on a math test!!!!!"
"I finally found a song that I really love that's been stuck in my head for years, but I couldn't find it until today and i got goosebumps listening to it :))))"
"Being in a relationship is a rollercoaster, but in the end it's so worth it"
"Started therapy for the first time in years. I’m so ready to be happy again."
"This is THE best year of My life! Im pregnant for the first time and im so exited! I cant wait to meet My wonderful baby :)"
"I put together a cute outfit and loving it."
"These two cuddle buddies . They male my heart very full of love"
"Graduated high school last week (mom went overboard with the signs lol). I'm officially an adult! "
"You can reprogram your thoughts with EMDR to have a happier life."
"Almost hit a turtle on the highway, but was able to stop and move it to safety."
"Finally starting to love myself. This is a genuine smile! Ive been staying sober, getting rid of bad habits left and right, working out and making new amazing friends. I love my life and I love myself and I love all of you!!!"
"Been having the best time lately loving life making music and it’s been called some of the best of our generation  there’s even big labels trying to offer deals but not interested just yet !!!! Here is cool with it"
"The day I truly felt like I became a dad"
"Cheerleader asks autistic boy out for prom"
"These 3 kids just got their first house (previously lived in an apartment) with a fenced-in backyard and their first pet!!! Adoption Day!"
"Having people around you who love you and who you can trust and share good times with makes you feel happy."
"My girlfriend likes to keep our stuffed animals nice and snug she cares for them and this pic made me happy"
"I was overtired today but this fried rice was the best I’ve ever made. Now I’m happy again :D"
"Hi!! I love dragons and tiny things and moments make me happy!"
"‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength and with all your mind’; and, ‘Love your neighbor as yourself.’"
"If you need something to increase the happiness in your life I suggest you to read this book. I wish you all lots of happiness and bliss in your lives."
"I wish you all beautiful day filled with love and light. Amen."
"Had to share this of my handsome dog( who thinks he's a human lol) it's his 7th birthday and just had to share this cute face! He is a dog but helped me so much in the 7 years I've had him"
"I set up our pride table at work to be passively educational, I’ve seen parents explaining to their kids what they mean, adults who didn’t know there are flags for each but are excited to get their kid/grandkid the right one and adults who are asking us what these mean wanting to learn. I’m excited"
"Is it good to be happy again after a break up? Eating better and working out again. Libido is increasing LOL but I’m staying abstinent until I truly meet somebody again, it’s going to drive me crazy  longest I’ve never had sex was 2 years I’m sure I can do it again"
"My Grandpa (Vietnam Veteran) and my Grandma finally see’s my mom’s twin sister after a LONG while, who lives in California and came to Hawaii without telling them. I shall cherish this forever!"
"After meeting my son through a window a year ago (after driving 8 hours from PA to NC), my dad is able to hang out with us at the pool today!"
"Thought I was drinking alone but then a ladybug joined me at my table!"
"I just kissed for the first time, at age 21"
"I have married my soulmate again. If it is meant to be it will be!"
"Loving kindness meditation by Dr Joe Dispenza"
"Y'all better have a great day today, or just a great year"
"Things have been rough and I still need many things to improve, but I feel so damn accomplished about these two small things."
"Im now making the money I always told myself would be enough for me"
"Feeding our miniature horse and baby donkey"
"Waking my boys up quietly during our hotel visit in London.."
"Initiated a fun conversation with a stranger, and overcame a fitness fear."
"My new kitchen mat makes me happy. My dog isn't sure about it yet. I'm sure she'll warm up to it soon. She lays on all mats in the house, no matter what room."
"2 weeks married to this hunk today  We had the most perfect microwedding in Pacific City, OR on 5/22/21"
"Happy little girl sings to her prairie dog"
"After 12 years, I finally married my best friend!"
"A lot of us might be missing nights out but it doesn't mean that we can't have fun at home! Dancing always makes me happy. Hope this will bring you smile too!"
"The amount of pride I feel in being married to this woman, is indescribable. I’m just so…happy :)"
"Hiking makes me happy no matter what the weather is like, it’s great for my stress levels."
"Ocean City MD is her favorite place in the world, and She said yes!"
"My husband was so happy to find this giant pheasant’s back mushroom"
"Got out of the house today and made some memes"
"rescued this lil babies last night and they make me so happy all they do is give love and cuddles :)"
"My little brother is getting engaged today!!!"
"How to overcome low self esteem?Tips and Tricks"
"Great big rollin' railroad just gives me so much happy energy"
"Paddle boarded for the first time today and totally loved it, so much fun in the sun."
"My happy dream apartment finally. Happy to be here."
"It's my Nana's 84th birthday! After nearly 40 years, she moved back to my hometown and this is the second birthday we've celebrated here! I'm so happy to have her 3 minutes down the street. She is my best friend, I am so lucky to have her! I know my dad is overjoyed to have his mom here too. :)"
"I only want to help people with any form of depression. #MusicPlaylist"
"The best kind of karma: what goes around comes around!"
"Today a pic of me trying on a dress was snapped. When I looked through the shots I saw this...my niece makes me feel like a princess."
"Having a sense of humor can go a long way. Whether it’s your boss you wanna placate, or your partner you wanna impress, or your friends you wanna have fun with, or your family you wanna make happy; humor will surely make things easier for you."
"Pushed myself to go to the gym despite being in a terrible place in my mental health with depression and anxiety as well as a sore foot, and I completed 36 minutes of cardio."
"I'm getting vaccinated tomorrow, school ends next Friday for me, my best friend's visiting me that weekend, then my 15th birthday is on the 20th and I get to go to California on the 26th! I'm going to have such a good month when I get all my work done."
"I couldn't ask for a more amazing boss. I really appreciate him."
"While summer has always been my favourite season, now when I flip the calendar to June it makes me extra happy!"
"weekend. Very happy time when I think of it!"
"Nice song to help for your mental health"
"Listen closely and do just the opposite!"
"83, sunny, top and doors of the Wrangler, leaving for a week long vacation to California with my entire family tomorrow. 116 days sober, 25lbs down, vaccinated, I can't really complain about my life right now :D"
"Turn that Frown Upside Down... Jokes of the Day (Farm Themed)"
"My aunt and uncle said they would take me in and let me live with them. This is honestly the best news I've received in such a long time"
"Going for a hike always puts me in a good mood. Mount Walker in Washington state."
"My boyfriend just proposed to me today ️ I feel like the luckiest girl in the world"
"I have the best timing with compliments and I just really wanted to share some of that :)"
"I submitted a clip of me playing violin to one of my favorite YouTube channels, and they actually used it "
"Can we just talk about how this is the same person only one year apart? Went from a toxic relationship where I would drink 10+ shots a night to a happy single and 8 days sober!"
"It's finally sommer, i cut my hair, I'M FEELING GREAT"
"Today is the start of pride month. I’m so happy I survived. (Almost been transitioning for 8 years<3)"
"I’m going apartment hunting this Saturday afternoon and then going on a first date with a guy I’ve liked for a really long time."
"A cashier gave me flowers because I let the woman behind me pay for her groceries first. That truly made my morning."
"This year has been difficult, but I've also never been happier thanks to these two. This is us in Yosemite."
"It's NEVER too late! Such an inspiration!"
"Today is the last day of our first year of university! I'm so lucky to be studying alongside my Mum! We are doing a Bachelor's degree in Fine Art."
"I don’t know if this is the sub for it but I’ve been studying for my engineering certifications of fitness exams and I passed 2 in 2 fucking days and I couldn’t be more proud of myself!!!!!!!!!!!"
"My first sober vacation since becoming an alcoholic at age 17. This year I am 30 and I'm thankful to continue being sober for almost 2 years. It's amazing that I've been to this place 9 times and don't remember any of it. Now it's a new day for new memories."
"One of the most popular Sushi franchises in my area liked my sushi earrings! I smiled all day :)"
"I had a proud moment for myself. I got back on a horse after six years after my accident. Thought I was never going to be comfortable again on the back of a horse! "
"Happy Transgender Post Op in Russia! Done"
"Just passed my PhD defense in astronomy, and super excited about the future!"
"I’m now ten years clean, my credit is good and I have a job that I actually like."
"Things I do help me get rid of my bad mood."
"Been clean of meth and cocaine since Boxing Day 2020 and completed a 90 day treatment program on the 20th of May 2021! Excited for a new life!"
"i am so thankful for my best friend, she’s like my sister and i love her :)"
"Pic 1 -age 27. Pic 2 - age 33. Really pleased and happy with the transformation. Physically activity changed my life in ways I never thought possible and ultimately led me to being a happier man."
"My gf and I became official on 5/20. First relationship in a long time and I’ve never been happier"
"This week I brought my first house in one of the best suburbs in my town thanks to WSB! I’m buzzing!!!"
"Finally made an appointment for someone to clean my apartment"
"Put yourself in a great state of mind with this upbeat, feel good instrumentals playlist featuring the lost, aesthetic sounds of the 80s-90s era of smooth jazz, fusion and new age. Shuffle and enjoy a relaxing and productive day~~"
"Exactly two years ago today, I tried to take my own life. This morning, I was sitting in the sun with my dog, and a baby bird flew right into my lap. I helped it to a nearby rock, and watched for a while as its mother fed it. Not sure if this meant anything, but maybe it did. Life can be beautiful."
"I’ve been on a self healing journey it’s been an exhausting trip , along with work but I’m proud of myself . I’m facing my demons , accepted that I have bipolar disorder type 1 and am starting to say that “I look pretty”, it’s still hard at times but I’m getting there ."
"maypoles from street furniture make people happy"
"Friend's Rescue Kitty's Transformation :)"
"15 vs 24, I’m a hell of a lot happier these days"
"It took a pandemic for me to finally realize that spending time with my kids is all I really need out of life."
"I needed this love. I’ve got a lot of weight on my shoulders. And spend most of my energy taking care of others. I recently got this big boy and he is exactly what I needed. He’s so loving and so lovable."
"After over a decade of fighting for my life, I can safely say I'm depression free <3"
"As of an hour ago, me and my wife are on our final step to fully adopting our kid. All that's left now is a court hearing. We're so excited!!!"
"My dad left when I was little and came back into my life last year. You can't tell by our faces here, but I'm legit happier than ever since he's come back. He's trying his best to be a good dad and is doing great so far!"
"Quarantine has been quite the rollercoaster!"
"I get homesick alot so my boyfriend painted my new planter to look like the hills in St. Croix. "
"Trying break dancing for the first time!"
"After quitting drinking, moving out of my home town, and working cleaning jobs the past several years; I finally found a job I enjoy! Thank you all for keeping me company in my custodian nights."
"Last night I went to my first concert in over a year and half and I missed it so much. I feel like this big part of my life was missing and it’s finally back!"
"Helio Castroneves Wins The Indy 500 And Begins An Amazing Celebration"
"My Mia looked so beautiful during tubby time! This girl has completely stolen my heart!"
"positive vibes and mellow beats to help anything grow"
"Today, after working remotely for over a year and a half - we finally got to spend time together and it was even better than we ever imagined. Wow, life post pandemic is incredibly joy filled and happy."
"3 women in Tanzania running their own business and supporting their families by selling Udongo (Mud pies)"
"Don’t worry, be happy(coin). On a mission to make the world a happier place"
"After months of waiting we finally had our engagement photos taken."
"Imagine finding both love and friendship in one person"
"Proud of my brother in law Adam McQuaig. His piece ""Beneath It All"" was selected to be in the Providence Art Club's National Juried Exhibition. Starts tomorrow!"
"After dropping out of college I finally graduated and got my dream job."
"I was mauled by my small bunny last night!"
"It's my 25th birthday, and my first birthday with my lil man "
"I might have sleep issues but at least I’m finally learning to love myself even late at night."
"Detroit kids help their specially-abled friend, Kale, play football, one of his dreams."
"Start my company, XL-Ant Life, a little over a year ago!"
"When it's time for change to happen it comes all at once!"
"sooo i had my second interview today annnnnd"
"Today I took care of myself and I am happy."
"Husband asked if I wanted a drink, I expected water but hear him making my favorite mixed drink."
"Happy 900th day sober to my husband  it was the only cake left at the grocery store lol. Wanted to update everyone from the 700th day sober cake!"
"I played Xbox im no longer sad I have left r/sad because I joined this sub instead"
"I got a 10/10 on my state testing essay (:"
"I graduated college with a 4.0 and honors :) and yes I also hate how my transcript abbreviates ""cumulative"""
"Got a class of 2021 brownie so shared it with my tutors and very few friends yesterday! Quality over quantity. :)"
"This was a pretty awesome day. I went on a walk with alpacas and they were even willing to take selfie’s "
"My new 82 y/o landlord is literally the sweetest man in the entire world and I needed to share"
"Just finished the sign for the quarantine (the guy that sponsored it name it “The dude room”) in our animal shelter! This means a step closer to finishing the shelter after we were kicked out of the last place."
"Making the World Smile One Shirt at a Time!!!"
"Happy to take this photo few days ago. Have a good day!"
"I just wanna share this here because they look so adorable! "
"Going to go shopping for girly clothes with a friend for the first time"
"I helped a co-worker build his first gaming PC last weekend. It was honestly the most fun I've ever had doing something in a long time"
"Wright loss goal achieved! Down to 200 lbs from 254 lbs! Took me a years and the last ten lbs seemed like they’d never come off."
"This game I downloaded let's me remove ads forever if I watched a certain amount! This brightened my day."
"This cat decided to visit us today in class. She just came through the window. Its a small thing, but everyone got so excited and it made me happy too!"
"After months of grinding (punching way above my weight). I asked Ellie out a couple weeks ago and she said yes! We’re now on our first date!"
"It has been one month since I got this beautiful soul in my life. I'm so happy to spend time with my best friend after he had suffer his first 6months of life. I'm happy I could safe him and make his life better and I'm so happy he has made my life better ️️"
"Finally finished my Planets series after working on it for more than a year!"
"My best friend- Greta-Super affectionate and gets into trouble just like a puppy. She'll hear my voice when I come home, do the hen gobbles and start sprinting from wherever she is for hugs. Always cheers me up after a stressful day. Here she is waiting for a ride in the wheelbarrow. "
"Today I got to hold a baby goat. He is a week and a half old, and he fell asleep in my arms. It was pure bliss."
"Finally defended a delayed master's thesis project after a decade of procrastination and feeling low"
"Man, as much as 2020 sucked it really also brought out the best in people!"
"I’m happy with my new hair (●’◡’●)ﾉ finally found something I like!"
"I was really overwhelmed with happiness and thought I should share :)"
"A man in my city has sat on the same park bench at sunrise, every day, for years, saying ""have a nice day"" to all who pass. Now, he's been honored with a plaque."
"Hope that one day I will join this subreddit"
"Gave my hubby a small super soft birthday!"
"Hope my little drawing will cheer you up in this difficult times."
"to keep in mind ️ #journaling #goodnightjournal #mentalhealth #selflove"
"This is one of my favorite guitar videos, wholesome and beautiful. I present to you Hannes Coatzee"
"This photo is made in 5 star hotel in Ras al Khaima, the Emirate not far away from Dubai."
"On this day a year ago, I officially became a dad when I took in my sweetheart here after her parents passed tragically. It hasn't been easy, and I've made some mistakes, but I can honestly say I'm a proud dad and happier than ever :)"
"Tried taking some pictures and almost fell. This was caught in the moment "
"Shooting A Photography Project Documenting What Makes People Happy!"
"Couldn't Be More Proud! My Wife Finished Her ABC Book of Persian Food!"
"Feeding the new goslings at the pond near my house, one of my favourite things to do."
"The Best Investment For Our Future Health"
"Just a pic of my wife doing what makes her happy."
"to all you guys out there. from the bottom of my heart honestly."
"Got hired at a new job making WAY more money!!"
"Finn is the happiest in the dirt. Epsilon loves car rides."
"Who else feels happy when learning & looking at fractals or hypnotic gifs?"
"My dad and his pool team have been trying to win this tournament for 5 years now. Last night they finally did it and now they’re going to Vegas in August. HAPPY birthday and happy retirement dad, I love you and you’ve damn well earned it :)."
"I painted this happy acrylic painting for a friend titled ""Bloom"""
"A VRChat friend sings to me (Story) ️️"
"The first picture was taken my first day freshman year, the second was taken today. It took me the standard four years and it honestly wasn’t all that difficult for me, but I’m still happy it’s over and I finally got my degree!"
"my first gift to my significant other in my first (and only) relationship  i’m so proud of him and so blessed to have finally met someone like him"
"Celebrated 500 days of sobriety today by climbing a (small) mountain! "
"Studies have shown that different types of happy feelings lead to different health benefits, and different types of happiness can be divided into three levels ranging from the superficial level, the short-term, the deep happiness, and the long-term spiritual."
"Today I did a 33 miles bike trip to go see grandma."
"(Don’t have photo) today I was told I’m ‘so much’ like my dad. It just made me feel very proud, and like I’m doing something right."
"Became friends as teens. Was scared to talk to her. Now 15 years later we are engaged. On our first date she confesses she was in love with me since middle school."
"I graduated college with a B.S in geology! Four years of hard work done"
"Our family got to be Sewer Heroes today!"
"Yesterday, I got my tax returns... On Wednesday, I am going to the courthouse to FINALLY start the process of legally changing my name! I am so FREAKING excited!"
"Got my first tinder date and it was really good."
"After 7 years together, I finally got to marry the love of my life this week! We eloped to Gretna Green in Scotland by ourselves and it was so magical and stress free!"
"Today is our 3rd wedding anniversary and I'm sure my husband jumped for joy when this photo was posted."
"Got complimented on fade by barber instructor"
"Personal happy moment that I wanted to share :)"
"“How To Have Fun Like A Kid and make you happy “"
"It Came"
"WINNERS DON'T MAKE EXCUSES | Best Motivational Speech 2021"
"WANT TO LIVE A HAPPIER LIFE?"
"What is the goal of life"
"Set goals often and take time to Reward yourself for reaching them"
"When working towards a goal Im only satisfied with the work and struggle and never the reward"
"A new study from an upcoming Psychological Science journal finds that people who think they can learn from their mistakes have a different brain reaction to mistakes than people who think intelligence never modifies."
"Want to Be Happier? Science Says Buying a Little Time Leads to Significantly Greater Life Satisfaction - ""Buying things won't make you happier. But research shows that buying time can, as long as you do it the right way."""
"Japan appoints Minister of Loneliness to tackle suicide rates"
"Guide: 42 Scientifically Proven Ways To Improve Your Mood"
"BELIEVE YOURSELF | WHATEVER IT TAKES | Best Motivational Speech 2021"
"Children who learned techniques such as deep breathing and yoga slept longer and better, even though the curriculum didn’t instruct them in improving sleep, a Stanford study has found."
"Would you say feeling whole and in love with life is what you really, ultimately want?"
"Happiness as a Community Effort"
"How can I find happiness in life?"
"What Is the Secret of Happiness?"
"Why is it hard to be happy and how to find happiness?"
"We’re Learning the Wrong Lessons From the World’s Happiest Countries"
"Being in nature reduces stress and blood pressure - but crucially also stops us ruminating on the past and future"
"Is there an online scorer for the WHO Quality of Life test?"
"Does anyone have a system for keeping track of their happiness?"
"""World's Happiest Country"" Seeks Migrants. Know Why"
"What brings you happiness? What brings out your inner child? What makes you smile without trying? I love being outside in nature in any format whether it is walking through a park, a kayak trip, a stroll by the nearest waters edge or just stopping for a second to sit outside and breath in nature."
"177. Talk About Your Vision And Achievements"
"I asked everyday people around San Francisco to hear their opinions around happiness, stigma, mental health, depression and therapy. I heard a lot of great answers that surprised me"
"What do you do when you are stuck in a rut,feeling like nothing is going the way you planned and just not feeling happy??"
"EVERYBODY WANTS TO BE A CHAMPION - KOBE BRYANT | Powerful Inspirational Speech 2021"
"Define Your Purpose To Empower Your Life - Dr John Demartini"
"Study: A quarter of adults don't want children and they're still happy. The study used a set of three questions to identify child-free individuals separately from parents and other types of nonparents."
"TAKE CHANCES OF YOUR LIFE | Powerful Motivational Speech 2021"
"Our app defaults to 5 Thoughts, Gratitudes, Mindfulness, and Intention entries per day. This is based on a study performed by two researchers. They asked participants to write down five gratitudes, hassles, or events over the past week for ten weeks. Those who wrote down 5 gratitudes were happier &"
"BE FEARLESS | DON'T EVER GIVE UP | Best Motivational Speech 2021"
"When was the last time you felt wildly happy? When was the last time you woke up feeling energetic, joyful, and grateful for all that you had? What causes happiness like that?"
"[Academic][Everyone] Survey on Happiness (Takes 2-3 minutes)"
"Mirror That Only Reflects When You Smile"
"Recent research suggests that an even-keeled mood is more psychologically healthy than a mood in which you achieve great heights of happiness regularly. Thus finding answers to What is Happiness is not that easy as it seemed."
"[Academic][Everyone] Survey on Happiness (Takes 2-3 minutes)"
"Here's a meditation trick that always helps me feel Happier (where you meditate on sending positive thoughts to someone you love). I learned it at a Yoga festival in India, and when I do it for a few minutes I always end up with an uncontrollable smile on my face. Hope it helps!"
"I know that I definitely feel happier on the days I make an effort to get outside. Simply taking a walk in a natural environment has been proven to decrease symptoms of depression, stress, and other mood disorders."
"Gratitude relates tobetter cardiovascular health"
"How are you finding peace today?"
"I have never been happier in my life and I'm always afraid that something tragic is going to happen to take it all away"
"Self-Discipline & The Mechanics Of Happiness"
"Change Your Attitude | Dr Phil McGraw Motivational Speech 2021"
"Like it? I drew it! No tracing was done."
"No Excuses | Best Motivational Speech 2021"
"Gratitude journaling can improve your mental and physical health. Here are some examples of things gratitude journalling can benefit:"
"Research on ""existential escape hypothesis"" and how people cope with boredom: Those with high self-esteem affirm their worldview (e.g., nostalgia, helping others), while those with low self-esteem use escape behaviors, like excessive eating, videogaming, drinking, etc."
"For Those Haunted by Ghosts From the Past | Exploring Life Through Literature"
"What keeps us from happiness - Alan Watts"
"Give yourself permission to fail - its not failure that causes suffering, it’s how you view it"
"In which stage of your life you were the happiest? what happend that made you so happy?"
"Finding happiness through understanding your beginning, middle, and future... one episode at a time, two times a week."
"Perceive our mind as a garden - Zen Master Thich Nhat Hanh"
"I'm happiest when I'm being creative. Here's an interesting way of thinking about creativity... which hat do you most associate with?"
"Photography Project Documenting What Makes People Happy!"
"Happiness Newsletter!"
"The Best Investment For Our Future Health and Happiness"
"There is no way to happiness - happiness is the way. Building a disciplined practice of mindful awareness isn't a quick fix but its the best bet for a sustainable, happy existence"
"171. How to Live Pleasure Beyond Regret |Balanced Life #3"
"Pursue meaningful lives rather than happiness"
"Sonja Lyubomirsky, Ph.D., is author of the bestseller ""The How of Happiness: A Scientific Approach to Getting the Life You Want"", a book of strategies backed by scientific research that can be used to increase happiness."
"No one like Fred Rogers :)"
"How to Find Inner Freedom and Beat Languishing"
"As a little Elf, …"
"If you had your dream job, would you be happy?"
"Get out for a regular walk in nature as part of your mental health routine - really paying attention to your surroundings makes a big difference to your wellbeing"
"Daniel Gilbert on living a happier life"
"Happiness is independent"
"What does it mean to be authentic and real? Psychologists explore the concepts of “realness” and “fakeness” in an interesting new study."
"Cloudy sunsets make the best sunsets – and other life advice"
"Why I Quit My Corporate Marketing Job and Here's What I Learned"
"FEAR NOTHING | Best Motivational Speech 2021"
"Should I do immoral things if they make me happy?"
"Big question | Can being Famous bring you happiness?"
"Don’t Wish for Happiness. Work for It"
"Deeper Meaning & Happiness"
"Don’t Wish for Happiness. Work for It"
"Teens, tech and mental health: Oxford study finds no link - There remains ""little association"" between technology use and mental-health problems, a study of more than 430,000 10 to 15-year-olds suggests."
"TIL The ‘Batman Effect’. Adopting an alter ego is an extreme form of ‘self-distancing’, which involves taking a step back from our immediate feelings to allow us to view a situation more dispassionately. It can help control anxiety, and help the subject pursue exercise and healthy diet"
"The Pleasures and Dangers of Writing for Yourself"
"FIND YOUR PASSION| Best Motivational Speech 2021"
"BELIEVE IN YOURSELF | Best Motivational Speech 2021"
"Inspiring nature video [Nature's lament]"
"Path to fulfilment"
"Moving Forward & Going (199)"
"Person reading this: You are awesome"
"The Internet Makes Me Happy "
"Deep question"
"If your workplace has a toxic culture, your voice has more weight than you think - even asking if a colleague is OK can start change"
"Bird Calls (198)"
"Wind Break (197)"
"The Art of Happiness: A Handbook for Living"
"STOP BEING LAZY | Powerful Inspirational Speech 2021"
"Paradise Open (196)"
"[Academic] Survey about Happiness and What Affects it (18+)"
"GO HUNT YOUR DREAM | Powerful Inspirational Speech 2021"
"Do U (195)"
"Are You a Creator, an Observer, or Do You Just Live?"
"Happiness can feel like it's outside our control - but you have more influence than you realise"
"Switch Up Vibes (194)"
"Step Away Learn (193)"
"Screw Happiness"
"happiness is a journey. you can struggle with happiness and still be a happy person. here's a song I wrote about it. TGIF!"
"What is something small that always makes you happy?"
"Know Nothing (192)"
"Nature vlog video with soothing instrumental music(Vatapi Ganapathim)"
"Start Strong (191)"
"10 Simple Ways To A Happy Life"
"Space to Be (190)"
"Why effective altruism is not effective"
"Moving Forward, Release (189)"
"Trust is about signing up to work through hurt when it arises. If we relate to trust through this perspective, then trusting becomes much easier. All of a sudden, we shift from trying to avoid being hurt (which is impossible), to recognizing that we can move through anything that comes our way."
"Meet An “Amazing"" Whose Creativity As A Brazilian Jazz Artist Is Unrivaled"
"New Beginnings (188)"
"At What Age Are People Usually Happiest? New Research Offers Surprising Clues"
"Soon Swap (187)"
"The Ancient Greek Concept of EUDAIMONIA has a really interesting take on supreme happiness"
"Disconnect to Connect (186)"
"This study analyzed the happiness data for 145 countries. It asserts that the lowest point in happiness is at age 48. It is true for all continents, rich or poor countries."
"For Happiness In Tough Times, Be More Grateful"
"Happyness Gorshua Masiell Ulloa OSorio"
"What is happiness ?"
"Americans are guaranteed the right to ‘pursue happiness’ for themselves. But might they be better off if they pursued happiness for others. Studies show that trying to make someone else happy leads to greater subjective well-being than trying to make oneself happy."
"My sweet cat, isn't she cute?  "
"Excitement Change (183)"
"Soft Breeze (182)"
"Neutral, Divine (181)"
"15 Minute Meditation - Determination to Patiently Accept Feelings of Suffering"
"5 Minute Meditation - Determination to Patiently Accept Feelings of Suffering"
"gratitude = happiness"
"Let Go, Let the Universe (180)"
"8 Types Of Happiness - Which Ones Have You Experienced?"
"Plan less, live more: how to organise for the future without sacrificing your wellbeing in the here and now"
"Abraham Hicks If You Do This And You will Totally Control Your Feeling"
"“who is the happiest of men? He who value the merits of others and in their pleasure takes joy even as though it were his own” JOHANN WOLFGANG CAN GOETHE"
"“be with someone who makes you smile even when they aren’t around”j.strelou"
"FINISH WHAT YOU STARTED | Powerful Inspirational Speech 2021"
"Interesting idea how of employees need to be happy in order to perform their best"
"Shine Light (179)"
"This is only one thing which every want."
"Self Realisation - Life’s Greatest Gift - Philip Wade Interview"
"Inspiration from Windsurfing| Music and windsurfing"
"Reflect, Refresh, Transform (178)"
"KEEP FIGHTING | Best Motivational Speech 2021"
"Release, Let Go (177)"
"Todays Day (176)"
"What Happens in the Morning Stays in the Morning"
"Choosing, tracking, and data visualizing all of the happiness"
"“It’s funny because we practice a lot of things including exercise, oratory, meditation, cooking, among others, but never joy"""
"The Happiness Seminar Session 1"
"Open Space (174)"
"Never enough."
"Happy retro playlist to give you some uplifting spring vibes!"
"Calm Waters (173)"
"DISCIPLINE IS EVERYTHING MOTIVATION | Powerful Inspirational Speech 2021"
"Seven key attitudes for a happy life according to Jon Kabat Zinn"
"Winning against yourself"
"Divine Inside (172)"
"Spring Start (171)"
"I Tried Living More Slowly for 30 Days (feat. Helena from Simple Joys)"
"KEEP YOUR HEAD UP | KEEP WORKING | Les Brown - Inspirational Speech 2021"
"Humans are born generous, but power can corrupt all of us — even the most morally guided people"
"Often Say (170)"
"Watching this piano player made me happy  "
"The science of why the sun makes us feel so happy"
"I never thought practicing joy was a thing!!"
"Wind Break (169)"
"Life Changes (168)"
"Meet An Amazing Couple Who Rekindled Their True Romance"
"Stamford Medicine on social media's negative effects on our happiness and life quality"
"Rear Wing (167)"
"WORK LIKE HELL | WORK YOUR HARDEST | Motivational Speech 2021"
"I created a website to help people forget their worries"
"Lasting Peace And Happiness - Jolene O’Brien Interview"
"How to Track Your Happiness -- and the Happiness Tracker Spreadsheet"
"The (Un)holy Trinity: Productivity, Procrastination & Perfectionism"
"Happiness - current thinking is all wrong?"
"FAIL BIG | DON'T GIVE UP | Denzel Washington - Motivational Speech 2021"
"Bringing happiness..."
"World Happiness Report"
"When talking about Happiness, i should mention the UAE as the first Arab country in the International Happiness Report 2021 "
"Here's a Global Sing Along for World Happiness Day"
"Give what You Need (159)"
"Do you catastrophize, making mountains out of mole-hills? Whatever unlikely outcome you're imagining, you can cope much better than you think"
"LISTEN TO THIS EVERY MORNING | Morning Motivation - Inspirational Speech by OPRAH WINFREY 2021"
"On the International Day of Happiness, what makes everyone in the world happy in the time of Corona is not being infected with the virus, and this is what the UAE is working on It is the immunization and safety of the health of community members"
"We choose to be happy ... our amazing country UAE is a source of reassurance and positive spirit in the time of Corona. This is what the UAE was able to prove for us by enhancing reassurance for all citizens by making decisions that help prevent the spread of Corona"
"Talk about Happiness"
"Short Happy Stories with your Positivity Princess. Episode #1. I Saved a Puppy!"
"Deep Hole (158)"
"Turn Your Struggles Into Strengths. Different is Beautiful. #struggletostrength"
"The basic concepts of Buddhism and applying them(with subtitles)"
"The happiness curve and More?"
"Right for You (157)"
"If you experience feeling something that is not supported by facts, it is usually more helpful to accept the feeling, but put it in perspective. Try responding with, “Just because it feels true doesn’t mean it is true.” You might slowly come to see your situation differently."
"Truth Embrace (156)"
Happiness
"I base my happiness and gratefulness on how others are doing more poorly than me."
"Two psychologists share the different strategies we can use to be happier with a significant other instead of being stressed about the future of the relationship."
"Alone(ly) (155)"
"Keep going (154)"
"12 Ways to Find Daily Joy - How to Feel Happier Everyday"
"Being happy and cultivating happiness | Why you need to know the difference"
"Sunshine Ride (153)"
"If you lie awake worrying, the problem may not be what you're anxious about - you need to take better care of your mental health generally"
"Pause, Jump FORWARD (152)"
"My theory of depression"
"How To Be Happy - 10 Habits Of Happy People"
"Put it Out Anyway (151)"
"We’re looking for people who want to support this community and promote happiness through science by being part of the team of Moderators!"
"How Challenges help you Achieve your Goals"
"Happiness and income levels"
"Tables Turned (149)"
"Try Again Today (148)"
"Adulting’s Equilibrium"
"Director of CCARE at Stanford on the Keys to Happiness"
"Negative to Light (145)"
"Look after your mental health by setting up a proper sleep/morning routine. Go to bed and get up at set times - even on the weekend"
"Morning Catch It (144)"
"HI, i have made this playlist with just uplifting instrumental music. Inspiring and hopeful music to bring you happy thoughts and to make you feel calm and in peace. Hope you will like it :)."
"KEEP WORKING ON YOUR DREAMS | Motivational Speech 2021"
"Future Today, Release Tomorrow (143)"
"Came across these ""rules"" for a better life and thought they were a great inspiration to have a great day!"
"Your Headline: “Victim/Martyr” or “Happy Person”? | Sixty and Me"
"It works out with Hard Work (142)"
"Never Forget To Love Yourself ️"
"Inspirational lessons from Rumi-Wisdom and positivity"
"How to let go of grudges and forgive"
"True to You (141)"
"Hi, i have just done a playlist that helps me against anxiety and stress, hopefully it can help some others to. Just uplifting ambient music to make you relaxed and to feel better."
"When one door closes, a new one opens"
"Dancing makes me happy"
"Follow Your Heart (140)"
"How Much or Little Should We Care?"
"[POSITIVE AFFIRMATIONS] ~ How To Feel Happy in 3 Minutes ?"
"Having kids makes you happier, but only when they move out"
"Top 10 Happiness Quotes"
"Hey guys I'm a student doing some research into how happy we all feel and if we truly recognise when we're happy. Ive created this survey and id love to hear some of your thoughts :)"
"Bravery Takes Courage (139)"
"When someone is abrupt with you, see it for what it is - a reflection of their circumstances"
"Put Yourself Right in the Middle (138)"
"WORK LIKE HELL - TAKE RISKS - Inspirational Speech by Elon Musk"
"Start Today with what You Love (137)"
"Train your frame of mind to improve your success and happiness outcome, day by day"
"Free like a butterfly inspiring and relaxing music"
"How To Meditate - Meditation Teacher Nico DiMattina"
"I found my happiness by spending hours upon countless hours playing specific games. Not very good I know but it actually helped me. Plus, I loved that feeling of being able to sink time into something that gave you joy and I miss being able to do that."
"Break Through the Darkness (136)"
"India inspiries India, Google for India!!"
"Self Awareness is Vulnerabilities Strength (135)"
"The Change comes From Inside (134)"
"Why our pursuit of happiness may be flawed"
"How responsible are we for making each other happy?"
"Finding your purpose in life is probably the most important thing to figure out in living a truly happy and successful life. In this article we look at 3 tips on finding your purpose."
"Happiness is readiness; what's your interpretation"
"We Win Together (133)"
"Understanding Yourself (132)"
"Hindi old evergreen songs hits collection-of all times"
"Amazing!  3D Printed Prosthetic Duck Leg"
"When you're being criticized, notice when defensiveness starts boiling up - you may be missing a chance to grow"
"Boundaries are the key to Happiness (131)"
"Inspiration from Confucius- Life changing thoughts"
"Uplifting and relaxing playlist to promote happiness and feeling good - Jazzy Times"
"Vulnerability is the key to Happiness (130)"
"Ascension Meditation with Ishtar Howell (Self Realization)"
"The Tunnel is an Illusion, the Light is Now (129)"
"It can be weird, but basically going to this link and liking my letter (written in French) would allow me to be one of the contest winners! This contest is to send this same letter to the ISS and take it back directly to my best friend (who is in a bad mood)! It would be really crazy if you help!"
"Meet An “Amazing” Who Enjoyed A “Granddaughter And Me” Graduation"
"When you have the perfect morning, but then something happens to your house of cards."
"Alfred Wallace’s Prescription for Course-Correcting Away from Ecological Catastrophe and Toward Widespread Human Happiness : “The final and absolute test of good government is the well-being and contentment of the people — not the extent of empire or the abundance of the revenue and the trade.”"
"r u ok?"
"Internalize Emotional Presence (128)"
"Look for something positive everyday, even if some days you need to look harder."
"It Starts with I (127)"
"I am happy 'cuz Lisa Gaming ROBLOX doesn't have a twitter account anymore :D"
"Give yourself credit. Are you appreciating your small wins? Here’s why it’s important to find those daily “+1’s” to build confidence and self-esteem."
"Would anyone like to join me and help mod this sub into a place where science and action meet inspiring people to create a happier and kinder world around them, and giving them the tools to be effective"
"Ten Days of Happiness Course"
"Right Here, Right Now (126)"
"Meet An “Amazing” Whose Talent Continues To Uplift And Delight Us"
"5 Practices for Nurturing Happiness -- Thich Nhat Hanh"
"How to stop judging yourself - become more aware of your thoughts and ask yourself if they're really true"
"15 Minute Meditation - Clarity and stillness of the mind"
"Have you ever"
"Limitless Presence (123)"
"Support Your Ground (122)"
"Friendly Reminder: You have the strength you need inside of you"
"5 Minute Meditation - Breathing to Calm the Mind and Remove Distracting Thoughts"
"The perfect spot for a sit down"
"At 82, Betty Jenkins Loves Life And Her Work"
"Promoting Gratitude - Scientific paper for discussion"
"Fake Soreness (121)"
"TED Talk, To adapt or to adopt...it all began with a cup of coffee"
"Pivot Passion (120)"
"I did it . I got in the big leagues !! I am so happy ! Btw here's the meme which got me there ."
"I Deserve a Break & so Do You (119)"
"“Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.”"
"Stop Complimenting People for No Reason"
"Relaxing native American flute sleep meditation music for meditation and..."
"Learn From One Another (118)"
"A take on pain and suffering"
"The cure for loneliness - accepting our fear and building our compassion for others"
"The Journey to You (117)"
Acceptance
"Do It Anyway (116)"
"Hello! I created silent vlogs of my habits. Cleaning cooking and organizing bring me happiness. ️"
"H.O.P.E. – Have Only Positive Expectations"
"Excuse me, I need love!"
"Meet An “Amazing” Whose Dynamic Life Merits Kudos"
"Read Bertrand Russell’s “Conquest of Happiness”. Best self help you’ll ever read."
"This sub is directionless. Here's a suggestion for giving it a clear identity as A place where science meets happiness. What are your thoughts?"
"Just Because (114)"
"Happiness is...a pink flamingo!"
"Feeling Stuck but Healing (113)"
"Serotonin Booster | Happiness Frequency | Increase Happiness | Boost Euphoria | Extacy | Binaural"
"I quit sugar and meditated every day for one month and I have never been so happy!!!"
"Do something that makes you nervous (112)"
"The Happiness Project (GQ) article: 12 Culture-Shapers on Finding Joy in Tough Times. Uplifting reflections."
"Eye of the Storm (111)"
"Unconscious Feeling (110)"
"Imagination, Vision and Distraction | Find the Courage to Imagine"
"How to cultivate good vibes in the morning"
"Too busy to meditate? If getting into a routine is difficult, try stopping for a breath each time you take out your phone"
"Relaxing santur music instrumental for soothing effect"
"Ten Tips for Happiness"
"Parallel Lines (109)"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L__JeXV4JEs&t=6s
"Lets Keep Talking (108)"
"Zen Story About Putting Things Down And Letting Go"
"Day By(e) Day (107)"
"I hope this makes your day"
"Lack Of Confidence Will Make You Hit The Floor - Nigel Green deVere CEO"
"Use What You Have (106)"
"Leapfrog (105)"
"Living Horizontally vs Vertically: Are You Grounded or Walled Up?"
"Been pretty much alone during the pandemic but managed to find happiness in finally keeping plants alive for the first time in my life (seriously a big deal). These are my windows :) I hope they make you smile, as they make me."
"This video changed my views on happiness"
"Meet Two “Amazings” Who Wow At The Table Tennis Club"
"Stay True to You (104)"
"That Super Bowl smile."
"Comparison is the thief of joy - don't miss out on your life worrying about what other people have"
"Step Back, Leap Forward (103)"
"i hope y’all are having a great night i love you and you are so worth it, you are just as important as anyone else in the world. i hope you know how much you mean to everyone and the collective human consciousness"
"Finally Happy."
"Made her think my fingers got stuck"
"Pure joy"
"A beautiful summer day with my parents and my lil brother"
"A Guided tour to lasting happiness and health (with subtitles)"
"One Day or Day One? (102)"
"It literally has the word ""jolly"" in it. Managed to bring a smile to just about everyone that lives in the Philippines and whatever country it happens to be in. Hope you guys know the glory that is the big red and yellow bee."
"How to Find Greater Balance and Enjoy Your Life (and work!) More. Wishing you all a wonderful journey!"
"Run to You, Instead of Away (101)"
"Motivation where in Knowledge is power"
"Butterfly Wings (100)"
"Release Them, Love You (99)"
"Ones Around (98)"
"Why Be a Star When You Can Be a Comet Instead?"
"In case you're in need of a pick-me-up today, here's a solid presentation of pure joy."
"Take a break from the news and social media; doomscrolling through negative stories impacts your mental health"
"Impact of You (97)"
"Self Love for You (96)"
"What are you thinking about that quote?"
"Its my birthday today!"
"Learning about the hedonic treadmill is the key to happiness"
"Filling Your Cup (95)"
"Running Focused (94)"
"What is happiness? Hope you all enjoy:)"
"This will make you happy"
"Zoom Out (93)"
"Hello would anyone like to learn how to dj with me"
"just hit 13 subs so happy"
"Focus on You (92)"
"[Text] Destination Addiction"
"Moments Given (91)"
"Best you can Do (90)"
"Some chill music to bring you positive energy :)"
"Create Your Own Happiness Using the Law of Attraction | How To Manifest Anything That You Desire - It All Starts With Happiness!"
"I knew of my spark of art and my creativity very early on, but I never felt as though I was able to express myself fully without finding deep love. This held me back because I thought I needed love to have love for self."
"The Toxic Post-Lockdown Expectations We Have Towards Ourselves"
"Embrace what is Felt right now (89)"
"The Power of Your Emotion"
"If you find yourself distracted and your mind cluttered, take some time each day to focus: your breath, your body, your thoughts, your feelings. Scanning internally in this way glues your mind back together and calms you down."
"How to Live Happily?"
"G(r)o(w) Through It (88)"
"Exercise And Happiness - Gabriel Shaw Interview"
"Happiness is really simple"
"This is my exploration of the link between habits and trance :)"
"After the Storm Comes........ (86)"
"How to live life?"
"Learn to be Alone"
"How do I find happiness?"
"Happiness in Life (85)"
"Happiness in Life (85)"
"Name It and Claim It - How Gratitude Can Boost Your Life | Sixty and Me"
"I became an uncle!"
"Moments, in Between (84)"
"Power in Fear (83)"
"Living a Life of Virtue: The Pursuit of Happiness"
"This Is Genuinely Beautiful, I Hope It Brightens Up Your Day"
"Which countries are the happiest in the world in 2020?"
"On why I love books"
"Strength Within Pain (82)"
"Happy New Year everyone! I hope your dreams come true and all the sadness you may have washes away in 2021!"
pain
"MAKE AN IMPACT - GIVE PEOPLE HOPE- Inspirational Speech by Rick Rigsby."
"Celebrate Day 1 (81)"
"Saw this online"
"Strength in Fear (80)"
"Making new year's resolutions stick is tough; change is hard because we're fighting habits built up over years. Rather than struggling, be aware of when your habits arise and treat them with kindness until they pass"
"Even with all the problems that happened this year, I'm hoping you guys are looking forward to the good that 2021 can possibly bring. I say that it's always better to look forward than back."
"When December 31st comes, many of us think about what we need to do to enter the New Year happier, more successful, and richer. If you have been thinking about what you need to do today, this is the right article for you."
"The title is a bit misleading, but I do believe acknowledging negativity can help in achieving happiness in the long run :)"
"Meet An “Amazing” Who Finally Fulfilled Her Dream"
"Friend Self Peace (79)"
"Life can be simple. We come with nothing and will leave with nothing. No point chasing what's unnecessary. Breathe, relax, take it easy. Make the best use of your days and accomplish small things everyday. What's most important is to have a sense of fulfilment!"
"My beautiful wife had our baby girl in quarantine and has battled depression- she recently learned how to edit and shoot her own videos- SO CUTE! I’m trying to surprise her with some views! Check her out if you’d like to help!!!"
"rough sketch logo design survey-tysm!"
"I wish you all Happy Mornings and Blissful Beginnings️"
"Find What Works for You (78)"
"Success Means Nothing. Focus On What Matters"
"5 Massive Ways To Make You Happier!! Nigel Green deVere CEO"
"Life can get too much. Work can get monotonous. So i just go to the top of a mountain with my stuff and get a little work done Art of Happiness, above the clouds retreat with Dr Maruti Sharma"
"Conversation with Naila G about health wellness and consciousness"
"Push & Press (77)"
"Welcome to University of Life. (semi candid version)"
"David Meltzer talks about how to be happier"
"Why 2020 Doesn't Have to Be Wasted"
"Warren Buffet is happier than you. But not because of his money."
"This Moment Now (76)"
"Meet An ""Amazing” Who Embodies The Christmas Spirit Of Giving"
"Happiness Films"
"7 Tips To Sleep Better"
"Living Life's Truth (75)"
"Some inspiration for going into 2021 "
"If you've tried meditation and felt like giving up because you keep having thoughts - it's normal. Give yourself a chance: be still and observe the thoughts as they arise without being swept away"
"Welcome to (Part 2) of my interview with Michael James."
"Celebrate Life (74)"
"Breathe in the Midst of a Storm (73)"
"Merry Christmas, LUCY!"
"It Starts Now (72)"
"Meet An “Amazing” Who Is Up To Any Challenge"
"How to Make New Year's Resolutions Without Making Them"
"Happiness sustainability - habit of creating good emotions/memories"
"This will give you a big smile"
"Easy Gratitude for Improved Mood: Interview with an Expert"
"Change Comes Either Way (71)"
"Biological diversity evokes happiness: More bird species in their vicinity increase life satisfaction of Europeans as much as higher income"
"The Secret Happiness Formula | Heal Your Body, Mind & Soul | Veronica Parks"
"Try New (70)"
"Santa Dialogues: How to Deal with Christmas Anxiety"
"What if the only things you had today were the things you expressed gratitude for yesterday?"
"Seeing Yourself (69)"
"Doing Best (68)"
"If you’ve ever been in a place where you’ve felt low or things just feel like a grind, you might have asked the question, what is life all about? You don't need to be famous or own a boat - the answer is right in front of you"
"How happy would you be if you lost everything you have — and then got it all back again?"
"HOW TO BECOME MORE HAPPY WITH YOURSELF | Story Time"
"Sunshine Out and Inside (67)"
"Trust yourself"
"Inside Ride (66)"
"Stop Comparing Yourself to Others (Value Your Own Perspective More)"
"I’d like to be happy, where do I start?"
"The True Worth of Appreciation Over the Holidays | Sixty and Me"
"I smile every time I hear your name"
"Always thought that a good book can help make one happy. Hope this can help in rekindling your love for books or at least help you realize that they're more than just for learning."
Happiness
"What Makes Life Fulfilling?"
"How to Live Life More Deeply"
"All the small things: training yourself to be aware and grateful for the everyday little stuff puts you on the path of happiness"
"WARNING: You may be happier after this..."
"Meditation, A Path To Peace - Jeremy Hughes Interview"
"How To Think Positive In Tough Times (positive thinking)"
"Meditation, A Path To Peace - Jeremy Hughes Interview"
"Meditation, A Path To Peace - Jeremy Hughes Interview"
"Meditation, A Path To Peace - Jeremy Hughes Interview"
"my (obnoxiously) happy playlist. music helps everything so enjoy"
"yeh kahan aa gaye hum I street food delhi I indian street food recipes I..."
"live happy or live happily"
"Considering our hearts as never (figuratively) whole doesn't have to be bad - I think it could potentially make one more open and happier."
"If your compassion doesn't include yourself, it's incomplete - be as kind and understanding to yourself as you would be to a friend who is suffering"
"Life happens....how to stay at peace"
"A new happiness text group"
"Feeling Love"
"I made this and it made me really happy, I hope it can do the same for you."
"Dogs share their secrets to Happiness"
"Path to happiness right here right now - Zen Story About Being In Present Moment"
"I’m currently so happy my stomach hurts"
"Do you have a sad friend? Make them happy!"
"Can you be happy despite unwanted circumstances?"
"Today I am happy"
"#InspireMyNeighbourhood - The Cheer-up Challenge. Join in by covering your neighbourhood with kind and inspiring words for everyone to see, then hashtagging photos and vids #inspiremyneighbourhood #cheerupchallenge #publichappinessmovement. Suggested cheer-up tools: Chalks, Post its and posters."
"6 Types Of Self-Sabotaging Behaviors That Are Ruining Your Life And Making You Miserable"
"Identify with the abundance in your life"
"Switch off your autopilot - it's difficult to change your life when you're unhappy and stuck in a rut but the place to start is in your awareness of the little choices in every moment you make without thinking"
"Random Acts Of Kindness- David James Interview"
"We need to help other"
"There is nothing wrong with feeling sad"
"Learning how to wait better could benefit us all :)"
"Ideas of happiness can be the root of your sadness"
"A Unique Holiday Gift – Cute Critter Viewing"
"This four line small song tells philosophy of being happy"
"Laughter Is The Best Medicine | Heal Your Body Mind & Soul | Veronica Parks"
"How Social Media is snatching our happiness - Womencera"
"MY CRUSH JUST TEXTED ME BACK"
"Meet An “Amazing” Whose Kindness Is Deservedly Rewarded"
"A human film to make you feel happy"
"Daily physical touch from a romantic partner enhances well-being, particularly among those with attachment anxiety. Being on the receiving end of touch behaviors offered unique benefits compared to initiating touch."
"#BALANCED #change #hiking What is real change!!!"
"I'm planning to rest more in 2021, here some of my reflections around this and other topics based on a book I read :)"
"We're not always kind to ourselves - but you can let go of suffering by starting to look at yourself with fresh eyes, accepting what you see without judgement"
"Do what works for you to live a good life"
"A pretty woman, a beautiful symphony..."
"NO PLAN B - DON'T BE AFRAID - Inspirational Speech By Arnold Schwarzenegger"
"Meet An “Amazing” Whose Resilience And Positivity Endure"
"How to both take and not take yourself seriously to be more at peace"
"The Wisdom Collector: Lessons in Happiness"
"How To Be Happy: A Facetious Ten-Step Guide"
"Cozy up and enjoy these chill, festive, classical instrumentals + holiday film soundtracks. Perfect for setting a HAPPY mood on a cold winter's night or enjoying at work. 5 1/2 hours, 105 songs."
"Is ‘Visiting Happiness’ The New Norm?"
"not care what people think about me"
"If your happiness depends on someone or something happening, you're setting yourself up for suffering. Nothing is guaranteed, so let go of your ""if onlys"" and build your happiness in the here and now"
"A way to happiness"
"found this article on Japanese formula of happiness"
"The True Happiness"
"If anyone feels conflicted about being asocial, hopefully you can learn to accept that about yourself :)"
"PS5 COST DEBATE CHICKS HATIN LOL"
"Developing A Powerful Mindset with Sarisha Naidoo"
"""Remember To Take Care Of Yourself. You Can't Pour From An Empty Cup."" - UNKNOWN"
"Sometimes you need to let yourself be lazy to feel better :)"
"Happy Monday recipe from Milla - love this Apple & Blueberry pie"
"Does God Inspire You? - Poet, Stephen Pepper Interview"
smile
"STAY HUNGRY - TAKE ACTION - Inspirational Speech by Tony Robbins"
"We should all drop the need to always be in control to be happier and more at peace."
"How to be happy in times of difficulty : Things Explained"
"The Molecule of More: How a Single Chemical in Your Brain Drives Love, Sex, and Creativity—and Will Determine the Fate of the Human Race"
"3 Simple habits to cope with negative self talk"
"Faith, Dance and Happiness With DeLisa Branch Nealy"
"How To Get Happiness Back In Your Life: 11 Best Questions To Ask Yourself"
"Hopefully, this can make someone a bit happier with their own reflection :)"
"The One Habit To STOP If You Want To Be HAPPY (Spoken Word Poetry)"
"Need a distraction from politics and pandemic? I made this list with major-keyed, uplifting [instrumentals] to give you that endorphin boost and help you stay positive, focused, and happy. Give it a listen!"
"When I feel fine, I feel good ️"
"Happy lockdown"
"The Truth Caster Interview with Brother Eli Soriano"
"Meet an “Amazing” Who Is Tops In Her Field—Still"
"New YouTube channel"
"5 Practices for Nurturing Happiness ~ Thich Nhat Hanh"
"Positive Mindset"
"Decide or Slide"
"555 Self Affirmations That Will Make You Fall In Love With Yourself And Silence Your Inner Critic"
"NEW YouTube channel"
"Gratitude is the key to happiness; get your 30 days gratitude challenge"
"I am making a promise to you guys"
"[Podcast] The Power of Habits - Gretchen Rubin"
"If you can't find happiness, create it"
"The Less lazy you are the less problems you have"
"“Everything Will Be Okay In The End, And If Its Not Okay, That Means Its Not The End”"
"5% of the world is perfectly healthy"
"Looking for individuals to interview about happiness"
"If You Could Fix ONE Problem In The World, What Would It Be...?"
"I can not tell you how to stop over thinking. Because I tried and failed terribly. But I can tell you how to make it work to your advantage. Because I did and I have no problem with my overactive mind. I love and treasure it. You can learn more here"
"Life Coach on Demand"
"Top 7 Fun Things To Do"
"Would You Rather A Job You Love But Were Poor Or A Job That Made You Rich But Hated It? Nigel Green"
"Made this after listening to a recent episode of Tim Ferriss's podcast with Naval Ravikant. Highly suggest giving it a listen <3"
"Perception. Personality. Values. Here's good example of how personality/perception/values is a determining factor in wonderful & beautiful marriages. A quality person who sees good things, has a good personality, and values the important things would never get upset by the tiniest of insignificance"
"I hope everyone experiences this feeling more often. I know different people have different situations, but I'll always hope for the best."
"Does anyone else feel that it's impossible to feel extended sadness?"
"A Happiness Survey"
"Looking for a guide/friend/mentor"
"7 Tips to live a happier life"
"Happiness is a choice"
"People Lose Their Laughter in Stifling Formality in the Workplace"
"If Life Is Gonna Suck, You Might As Well Enjoy It"
"The sound of a bird"
"Hold your head up and find what makes you SHINE! Sharing some happiness today!"
"What is serotonin? 3 ways to increase serotonin naturally!"
"FIVE TIPS THAT WILL LET YOU FEEL HAPPY EACH DAY"
"Powerful Breathwork to Connect to Happiness - Pete Warnock Interview"
"Is laziness destroying your life? - Walk & Talk"
"Follow your own path and be happy! | Come and share your tips for being happy on Drinks with Chris LIVE this Monday @ 10am UK Time! See you there!"
"How to find happiness?"
"Can You Become Happy Just By Smiling? Facial Feedback Hypothesis From Psychology"
"Detachment 2020 (Detach from societal norms)"
Happy?
"As a person who played a lot of video games, I can say that they always manage to bring a lot of happiness. Except the really bad ones, those are.....unique experiences."
"Being Alone"
"Know Your True Self - Kyle Hilding Interview"
"the widest smile ever drawn"
"some deep quotes about happiness/happiness quotes"
"Love is all good but not to a point where it becomes toxic. When the red light flicks, hit the road. Don't tolerate these 16 things in your relationship. Your happiness matters!"
"Happiness is tea with caramel waffle with work on in the background"
"HAPPINESS is all that matters..."
"happiness is to be sought not received."
"Remember This When Times Get Tough. Stay Positive."
Happiness
"Why You Secretly Hate Yourself More Than Your Worst Enemy (The Surprising Reason For Poor Mental Health)"
"How to be happier"
"Here is the Key to Happiness in life:"
"Doing what I can to spread happiness. Would love your comments."
"My friend made a very nice video about happiness. He donates 1 euro for every like. Can we make him go bankrupt?"
"The 2020 theme for the International Day of Peace is “Shaping Peace Together.” Celebrate the day by spreading compassion, kindness and hope in the face of the pandemic. The International Day of Peace was established in 1981 by the United Nations General Assembly."
"How To Be Happy in 6 easy steps"
"Asking Strangers the key to happiness - hope you guys enjoy "
"Falling in love is fun, staying in love requires dedication and work. Check out these 12 habits of happy couples"
"Find Happiness in Work"

"Can You Give Feedback on our Nootropics Self-experimentation Website?"
"[Image] Don’t get the meaning of positivity twisted"
"You'll Never Be Happy If You Do This"
"Dream Big - Don't be Afraid - Inspirational Speech by Denzel Washington"
"[Image] Big Ambitions"
"Who Am I - Overcoming Ego And Finding Happiness - Michael James Interview / Sri Bhagavan Maharishi"
"Ever wondered why you never seem to be happy? Or why the people you care so much for are not happy? Perhaps you are not satisfying your own or their needs."
"Small challenge to light up our days!️"
"[IMAGE] Your zoomies are coming"
" You are not your emotions. Let your emotions guide you..."
"Thank me later :)"
"JP FIT4LIFE: Happiness for less"
️
"Instant Gratification does not Bring Happiness"
"12 Easy Tips To Make Better Decision"
"A Guided Meditation To Find Peace In These Times"
"Love yourself with the power of the mind"
"Happiness Habits by Happiness Expert Sonja lyubomirsky"
"Lama Gendun Rinpoche"
"First cake day"
"Mind map of happiness"
"I recently achieved my childhood dream. Im not sure if Im happy or if I'm sad I cant chase it anymore?"
"How to improve sense of humour"
"The Four-Letter Word That Kills"
"Happiness; something many seek and few find. Why? How to get there? Does it come from within or outside? Let's find out"
"Turn within (EJ's GEM Podcast)"
"What pure happiness looks like."
"FINDING HAPPINESS | WOWzforHappyness"
"The love of my daughter and I"
"GREAT Happiness QUOTES To BRIGHTEN Your Day"
"Snoozing away during a hurricane"
"Do you know of books that talk about finding happiness?"
"I love you! I love you more!!"
"For those of you who need to smile or need a good chuckle, then here's a couple of idioms drawn literally. It may even help your know about some that you might have never heard of or forgotten :D"
"Don't Give Up On What You Like!"
"Pure joy ! Doggo happy"
"Recognizing your own self-worth exists outside of the opinions of others and striving only to compete with who you were yesterday, answering only to your own inner compass, and looking at every imperfect venture as a 'process of elimination' rather than a 'failure to acquire value'"
"Looking to collaborate with other brands trying to make the world a happier place :)"
"100 days smiling, the challenge to help others with your super-power!"
"Hi! I made this playlist of happy, major-key [instrumentals] to lift your spirits and help you stay focused. Perfect for office or home, no vocals to distract. This one should keep a smile on your face! Give it a listen and let me know if you like it. :)"
"Question on Nostalgia and Happiness."
"Truly happy with my life."
"How to battle depression at work"
"Someone in Australia bought a secondhand caravan and found this!!! SOOOO CUTE!"
"The Gift of Being the Black Sheep."
"Bucket challenge: take a picture of yourself as a happy finn with a bucket. #ihäsit #bucket #ihäsabucket #happiestnation"
"How to let go of the past >> The art of living in the present moment"
"You Need To Ask Yourself"
"This is for those who are having trouble finding their own happiness. Hope it can help anyone."
:3
"Everything is too complex. Just be."
"Stop trying to bring your happiness to 10/10 and you'll be happier"
Happiness
"God IS Happiness!"
"The Young Filmmaker - Luther Clayton Interview"
"4 Things You Need To Know About Shadow Work And How You Can Feel More Happy In The Longterm If You Consider Working On Your Shadow - Emotional Release!"
"I was feeling kinda down last week, so I gave away $250 to random people I met. Seriously, if you're struggling with sadness or lack of purpose, try giving to others spontaneously. It doesn't have to be money! Giving your time or expertise will change your outlook & increase your happiness"
"Why I'm always so calm >> HOW TO BECOME MORE LAID BACK"
"[Academic] Happiness at work (employees)"
"There is no way to happiness, those are some poorly chosen words"
"Skip Marley performs ""Three Little Birds"" with School of Rock AllStars ️ music is the greatest joy of all"
"Free and Life-changing. Wishing you every happiness..."
"Why Happiness Includes More Negative Emotions"
"This Is What Your Self-Talk Does To Your Subconscious Programming"
"The Formula of Happiness"
"Finding Peace in the Yun Yang Garden"
"How To Be Confident - (Dr Aziz Gazipura Interview)."
"Made this video for those who feel overwhelmed with all the uncertainty that's going on "
"Living with Joy in Challenging Times"
"Meet an Amazing “Rosie” Who Once Worked On Bombers, Now Makes Masks"
"If Buddhist monks are so happy why doesn't everyone embrace Buddhism?"
"Defining Happiness in Positive Psychology"
"The Memories You Make Will Live Forever"
"Just before Covid19 I took my puppy Wiggles out to the streets with a sign inviting people to blow bubbles with him to brighten as many days as possible"
"Stop hiding behind fear ˃˃ HOW TO STOP STANDING IN YOUR OWN WAY"
"The small Bosnian town is showing humanity through compassion and kindness"
"Difficulty in falling asleep? Writing a to-do list may help you, says research"
"These Two Traits Predict How Long Relationships Last — Auxoro"
"Your Open Invitation - Happiness NOW, Advert/Trailer"
"Chase What Makes You Happy :)"
"Limiting Beliefs. How are limiting beliefs holding you back? #limitingbeliefs"
"Cutting This Action Out Of Your Life Will Make You Happier — Auxoro"
"“Winners are made not born,” has been one of the biggest life lessons. I’ve seem friends who started from the bottom with little money but with their ability to save up I’ve seen the RISE! They started their business, got in shape and found meaningful relationships!"
"Meet An “Amazing” Who Met The Challenge Of Self-Quarantine By Sharing His Art"
"Happiness is a cookie that your brain bakes for itself."
"I met my wife last night"
"How to be happy in 2020"
"Dalai Lama Translator, Tibetan Buddhist Scholar, and Founder and Chairman of Compassion Institute, Dr. Thupten Jinpa, Discussing the Themes of Compassion, Spirituality and Human Happiness and Longevity"
"Be Happy. Go For A Good Walk."
"Don’t save your best move for some other day. Put your best efforts today so that you will think and do better than that best for tomorrow."
"Today is the first day of my new life."
"Tai Chi & Meditation - Eric Freeman Interview"
"What makes you happy?"
"This is how social media could ruin your happiness"
"""I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear."" -Martin Luther King, Jr."
"Lost a leg in a lawnmower accident now ready to run a 5k race, thanks to a new blade"
"Do You Have a Happy Place?"
"Real Talk with Lori. Persistence Despite Failure. #smallyoutuberencouragement"
"""You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try."" - Beverly Sills"
"I just found out today that I'm in remission. Kicking cancers ass!"
"Reprogram yourself for happiness"
"How To Get Your Life Together In 4 Easy Steps (FREE Template)"
"This is the kind of intimacy I miss."
"10 Ways to Say ""NO!"""
"The Surprising Truth About Money and Happiness - Tal Ben-Shahar, Ph.D."
"Why I never feel satisfied?"
"an insightful video on what actually makes a fullfilling, meaningful life"
"Meet An “Amazing” Who Surprised Herself With Her Marathon Performance"
Money
"What if you want less? ⎮ Mindful Minimalist longing for a Simpler Life"
"Buh bye Facebook!!!"
"Dear Stranger, I’m Glad We Met."
"1000 karma"
"The more I lower my expectations of people the more happy I am."
"72 Hour Gratitude Challenge. Watch your life Transform! #Gratitude"
"Secret to Win the Race of Life! Motivational Video #4 (2020)"
"Motivational Speeches Stream 24/7"
"Happiness - Clairvoyance & Healing (Ammal Zaza)"
"POSITIVE VIDEO for a TOUGH DAY quotes on attitude toward Daily Life! Enjoy and keep moving forward!"
"Is happiness an absolute measure in life? How to be more happy? Choose your reference point wisely, read more in our blog"
"How To Attract A Specific Lover"
"Never give up!"
"How To Live An Ideal Life"
"Blowing Bubbles with a Borgi: I took my puppy to the streets with bubbles to see how many people's day we could brighten. Also it was a fun way to train his socialisation (pre-covid)"
"12 Ways to Maintain Work Life Balance"
"This Mindset Will Make You Happier Long Term"
"The rarest of days"
"Recognizing your own self-worth exists outside of the opinions of others and striving only to compete with who you were yesterday, answering only to your own inner compass, and looking at every imperfect venture as a 'process of elimination' rather than a 'failure to acquire value'"
"Can anybody please explain this chart? Sometimes I feel statisticians are diving so deep into the so-called ""facts"" supposed to make you happy that they forget to look at the people and ask them directly."
"The Science of Happiness - Harvard Psychologist Tal Ben-Shahar, Ph.D. Interview"
"#275 Happiness - What We Are In Control Of - Happiness Podcast"
"Meet An “Amazing” Couple Who Proves That Love Lasts"
"Abraham Hicks | Joyous Expansion"
"Abraham Hicks | How To Start Positive Momentum"
"Watch This And Feel Great / Tapping Into Untapped Human Potential"
"10 Ways to Happy: A performance based technique to finding happiness in one’s life."
"Try This to Rebuild the Broken Relationship! Motivational Video #3 (2020)"
"This Is When People Are The Happiest"
"This Is When People Are The Happiest (podcast)"
"How To Create Happiness In Your Life - Top Habits"
"Happy Acoustic - Independent Artists"
"Love Quotes by famous people! Enjoy!"
"Guides to Make You Live a Happier Life"
"Crying for Happiness"
"(Mindset & Success) Lionel Wilson Interview"
"Abraham Hicks | How To Maintain Your Inside The Vortex Vibration"
"New and diverse experiences linked to enhanced happiness, new study shows"
"Once I stopped tying my self-worth to my job title, bank account, amd material stuff I became much happier."
"Practicing neutrality while living in a dualistic reality  Integrating the SHADOW"
"Although 6ix9ine is kind of an idiot, he shows how to embrace yourself and not care about what other people think of you."
Confused
"A Secret. The Law of Attraction. Enjoy a short Poem to Raise your Vibration."
"Happiness is key !"
"How do I become independent from my relationship again?"
"What are some things to do to make you happy during quarantine and avoid overthinking?"
"On a scale of 1 - 10 how happy are you right now? What would it take for you to be at a 10?"
"Distraction Post! 369- Tesla’s mystical numbers!"
"Not Liberty, Happiness"
"Minnesota School Spreads Joy with Distance Learning Lip Dub Music Video!"
"The Endorphin Effect and How to Induce It"
Positivity
"does this make sense"
"This is happiness"
happiness
"Cartoons With a Message"
"Abraham Hicks | How To Manifest Big Money"
"{playlist} I love this folky all instrumental guitar playlist on spotify! HUGE 17hr playlist! cheers :)"
"The talent for being happy"
"You Can Be Happy, Now"
"Get out of that Negative Thought Pattern"
"Did you lose The One, and just settle for the next best thing? Or am I just young and clueless? My first and only true love left a year ago so I don’t have a reference point."
"On a scale of 1-10 how happy are you right now? What would it take to get to a 10?"
"Hi. Monday.. Maybe you are in need of some relaxing uplifting music. This playlist always helps me to calm down, focus, and bring me happy thoughts. more than 8 hours of uplifting music, frequently updated. Hope you will enjoy it."
"The pain that pleasure brings"
"What job do you do that makes you happy?"
"Be Happy: The 5 Key People You Need To Surround Yourself Right Now"
"Happy Mother’s Day Poem!"
"Abraham Hicks | Nothing Is More Important Than Feeling Good"
"What REALLY makes us happy.. "
"“The true secret of happiness lies in the taking a genuine interest in all the details of daily life.”"
"Abraham Hicks | When You Find Alignment"
"Michael Fox Interview - (Mindset Mastery University)"
"How can someone be happy,when they are going through a lot in life?"
"I created this weekly journal writing series focusing on self love"
"Be happy"
"Anyone who makes you laugh is contributing to your well-being"
"Sharing kind messages in Porto for anyone who needs a smile"
"Transmutation.. part 2!"
"Some Underated Ways to Become Happy"
"8 Ways to Feel Happier | Sleep | Science"
"8 Activities to Harness Joy | Laughter | Self-Improvement"
"We often play the comparison game and that game robs you of your joy. Here is why you don’t want to play."
"You Can Get Stuff Done"
"Positive Emotions and Good Health: a Correlation"
"Day 6 of the 30 Day Happiness Challenge ... choose a good habit or quit a bad one!"
"On a scale of 1 - 10 how happy are you right now? What would it take for you to be at a 10?"
"Learn how to use transmutation."
"Happiness is.. Baby Goats"
"Living Abroad and Happiness"
"Isolation And Happiness"
"Share a photo with your friends on Whatsapp/facebook/etc of a good time you all shared from the past. Keeping positive memories in mind has been shown to boost our mood, and will be especially welcome right now!"
"Essential Lessons Which Will Help You Achieve True Happiness"
"Love lingers on"
"Positivity for a Pandemic"
"What a Materially Obsessed Culture Fails To Tell You About Happiness"
"May Gladness"
"Day 4 of the 30 Day Happiness Challenge"
"30 Day Happiness Challenge! Day 3- Put the “Me” in Meditate"
"How to Be Happy in Life (Despite Your Circumstances)"
"Why Becoming Self Reliant Is So Important"
"Stress Is Slowly Killing You: 99 Proven Stress-Busting Methods (Backed By Science)"
"Day 1 of the 30 Day Happiness Challenge!"
"The Two Kinds of Happiness in Life"
"Happiness NOW - Interviews Mel Jang"
"Remember that New Years Resolution?"
"15 Inspirational Srikumar Rao Quotes on Happiness and Success"
"Do you want to be happier?"
"3 Special messages... from me to you!"
"Happiness NOW Reviews, Comments & Shout Outs "
"SEE it SPEAK it into your LIFE"
"The ""I'll be happy when"" Myth"
"How To Be Easier On Yourself"
Happiness!!!!
"5 WAYS TO INCORPORATE MINDFULNESS PRACTICE INTO YOUR EVERYDAY LIFE ˃˃ Happy Living"
"The famous American educator Booker T. Washington said, ""Those who are happiest are those who do the most for others.” My lived experiences and scientific studies confirm the validity of Booker's wisdom and served as the inspirations for my recent TEDx Talk ""Should Self Interest Motivate Service?"""
"How to be happy?"
"A little thing about happiness and sadness."
"Celebrate Today!"
"Was Covid19 Predicted?"
"AN ARTICLE THAT MADE ME HAPPY"
"Earth Day and Gratitude "
"Happiness In Adversity "
"Promise to Yourself"
"How much do you need to be happy?"
"Walk in the Woods"
"Slow down to speed things up!"
"What is the importance of happiness in life"
"Wellbeing Is More Important Now Than Ever"
"5 WELLNESS HABITS FOR A HAPPIER LIFE ˃˃ + printable guide"
"Surya Namaskar Yoga Healthy body and mind!"
"Is it just me or does anyone else get a little blip of joy when an unexpected small eruption of bubbles comes out of the dish soap bottle when you put it down?"
"My Happiness Box for 2020. Can't wait to open on 1/1!"
"Conquering The Need To Conquer The World"
"Need a laughter? TikTok Compilation #7"
"Why do these poor countries rank so high in happiness? Do yall think we can learn from their culture? Please share your thoughts :)"
Happy
"Are you ready for 5D?"
"Personal Coaching"
"Meet An “Amazing” Whose Comedic Gifts Are A Gift To Us All"
"Be Kind To Yourself - 10 Tips For Happiness "
"Spreading some nostalgic joy through song - here to tell you a little story about why you shouldn't put it in your mouth!"
"Secret to Happiness"
"How to be happy!"
"How can you be a Covid19 hero."
"You are loved"
"We are connected and it’s a beautiful thing!"
"joy in the time of COVID19"
"How Pixar’s Onward Solves the Happiness Equation"
"Why You Should Let Go Of Expectations"
"How can we stay positive and happy during these dark times? Just made a video on the positive things about Corona. Hope to spread some positivity!"
"Joy in the Time of COVID19"
"Think Positive"
"Six year old girl playing guitar and singing ""I Wish You Love"" song"
"Quarantine is making me find some wonderful poems on youtube. A beautiful and small poem on Happiness"
"Be happy!"
"Do you want to find more magic in your life?"
"➟ How To Stop The Habit Of Over Thinking!"
"Your perspective is the pathway to your happiness."
"Improve Mood Today! Energy Pathway # 6 / Health Instincts Episode 115 An emotion turn into a mood than a mood into a personality."
"Coronavirus has turned me to a different person. A better person"
"Coronavirus: 7 Reasons To Be HAPPY During This Pandemic"
"Special Meditation - Finding Happiness in these Challenging Times"
"Persistence. What does Napoleon Hill say?"
"How To Meditate, Part 7 - Love Overcomes Fear"
"Are you choosing money over happiness?"
"Shiny Object Syndrome vs Focus on important things"
"EJ's GEM: Love Podcast"
"The Law of Attraction Cheat Sheet!"
"Covid 19 - My Q&A with Jayne Roberts"
"Covid 19 - My Q&A with Jayne Roberts"
"Strong Expectation Towards Success Envisions The Desired Goal Into Accomplishment"
"April Fools! Enjoy!"
"Positive Affirmations Soothing Encouraging Words"
"Do you have toxic friends? ➟ Finding Happiness With Positive Friends "
"Woah my journey is going sooo well."
"17 Quotes About Living a Beautiful Life"
"Try this script in order to eradicate the Corona Virus. Check it out!"
"At home bored and bored at home? See my entire series! You may love it!"
"Here's an easy system to feel more positive and happy each day! Hope it helps!"
"13 Simple Things Happy Couples Do Every Day"
"The kids are handling this better? Why?"
"Be More Yoda!"
"Short positive message... The Law of Contrast."
"Different Ways To Spike Your Happiness Quotient"
"What Is Buddhism? Who Is Buddha?"
"Discover the Law of attraction with this list of amazing youtubers!"
"Stay busy while you quarantine and chill!"
"Happiness NOW, Interviews - Spiritual Tiik"
"How Smelling My Armpit Made Me More Grateful For My Dad"
"Grandmaster Felix Leong shares his secret to happiness, what he thinks of death & why he will live to over 100"
"Happiness day livestream; positive psychology basics"
"Meet An ""Amazing” Who Relishes Her Life At 105"
"A Simple Statement That Can Change Your Life..."
"This story is so touching. Sharing Happiness Amid the coronavirus."
"It's the little things :-)"
"Be Like The Sky Not The Clouds"
"Have a dream"
"The Law Of Happiness: The Painful Reason You Never Stay Happy"
"An St.Patricks day blessing!"
"How To Be Happier With Science!"
"This Woman Waves to The School bus Every Morning and They Great her This Way On Her Birthday"
"My Path to Riches Continues!"
"I made an app to help spread happiness - feedback appreciated!"
"Why Happiness Linked to Longer Life"
"@ClaraNovy : Chaque jour, notre liste des tâches s’allonge avec les heures qui passent. Il faut mettre les bouchées doubles avant l'heure du repas... https://t.co/WLXMS5cfTs https://t.co/F0qQIvBTnM"
"Coronavirus / Covid19 And Fear"
"Life is good"
"Don't get consumed by the negativity of fighting"
"Grandma Vibing The Hell Out of Coronavirus During City in Lockdown"
"Don't chase happiness"
"Happiness Boosting Tools, Livestream [March 20th, 10am pst]"
"Happiness NOW, Interviews - Gina Noel D’Ambrosio"
"Music: The Sound of Happiness"
"Meditation 7 - Reducing and Eliminating Anger - Part 4 of 5: Patience from thinking deeply about reality"
"Happiness is knowing you figured out a healthy way to change an unhealthy habit and its working."
"How to see the positive in any situation."
"➟ What Is Spirituality?"
"➟ What Is Spirituality?"
"Who is the real you? Is it the voice in your head?"
"Living your best life!"
"6 Reasons Why is Generosity the Major Key to Be Happy in Life"
"Day 6 - Happiness"
"Happiness and KonMari"
"10 Reasons that happiness should be a priority!"
"One of my favourite quotes!"
"Does watching Porn make you unhappy?"
"Meet A Couple Of “Amazings” Who Defy The Odds Of Years Lived And Years Married"
"Happiness - Day 5"
"“Don’t take life too seriously, it’s not permanent.”"
"Happiness - Day 4"
"How To Meditate, Part 6 - A Meditation For Happiness"
"I support his right to choose what makes him happy"
"Happiness challenge - Day 1"
"Gave my friend flowers because she was low. She just sent me this pic of the decor she put around it. My  is full."
"What is happiness?"
"Teach your kids about the law of attraction. Let them become manifestations ninjas! Part 2!"
"You don't find Happiness, you create it. What is your happiness, does a..."
"The Joy Of Lottery Play"
"help sos"
"➟ What Is Your Path And Does It Make You Happy?"
"Bloom: An Animation About Depression & Paying It Forward"
"When Dreams Make Steps In Becoming True!"
"The Balanced Day | Original Poem"
"You’re not happy at work because you’re not curious anymore."
"EJ's GEM Podcast: Be who you were designed to be"
"Joe Rogan’s Philosophy for a Happy Life"
"Playing the blues keeps me happy "
"The Only Guarantee In Life"
"8 principles to help you stay mentally balanced and happy"
"Put yourself in a great state of mind with some upbeat, feel good instrumentals! Let the music speak to your soul and take you to a higher place "
"10 Happiness Hacks to Raise your Vibration Immediately."
"{playlist} Check out this awesome playlist of all relaxing acoustic guitar instrumentals! "
"Would Love to introduce my Collection of ""Peaceful"" Guitar Melodies to you. It's by a huge variety of musicians who play soothing and calming Tunes - work's wonders when it comes to calming down my mind!"
"@ClaraNovy : Gagner plus pour dépenser plus, et tout ira mieux... Vraiment ??? https://t.co/DakxjqZTAc https://t.co/eZmLeK84Tl"
"Happiness NOW - Interviews - Adam Szecowka"
"Teach your children about the Law of Attraction. Here are 7 methods."
"Do What Is Meaningful - Aliens & Happiness "
"Why Surrender Makes Life Easier ⋆ Evoking Grace"
"Competition has no existence"
"3 Methods for the LAW of Attracction that Work Fast."
"Should I intentionally get addicted to xanax?"
"BITTER TRUTH"
"How To Meditate, Part 5 - Positive Thinking Meditation - Medicine For The Mind"
"@ClaraNovy : Si vous aimez l'humour noir, vous allez adorer cette vidéo de la police de Lausanne... https://t.co/tVNkQ63dnS"
"Can money buy happiness?"
"Happiness NOW - Interviews - Harpreet Sandhu"
"What’s your greatest fear?"
"What are you afraid of?"
Inspiration
"Watch & EFT Tapping For Greatness #Positivity #goodvibes #manifesting #lawofattraction #thesecret Enjoy Thanks"
Happiness
"Why hugging 8 times in a day daily is important........"
"Just be the Best you!!"
"Joy to moon"
"How to be positive"
"“Happiness is not about getting what you want all the time, it is about loving what you have and being grateful for it”"
"I don't know why I'm so happy"
"Pure unbridled joy..."
"This Easter 9: Myths and Misconceptions"
"Hi! I made a cheerful website during these tough times."
"Where joy comes from"
"Understanding joy"
"What is Joy?"
"Discover How You Can Know God Who Loves You Most! :))"
"Fun Things To Do"
"Finding joy in little moments"
"How To Get In A Flow State | Heal Your Body Mind & Soul | Veronica Parks"
"I Am Affirmations for Love, Wealth & Abundance | Heal Your Body, Mind & ..."
"Joy of spreading love in the time of isolation"
"Best Joy Guided Meditation | Heal Your Body Mind & Soul | Veronica Parks"
"MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE PSA (feat. on NY1 News & http://broadwayworld.com) featuring performers from Sesame Street & Broadway/Nat’l Tour productions of Hamilton, Phantom of the Opera, The Prom, Fiddler on the Roof, Les Mis, 42nd Street, West Side Story, & Anything Goes"
"Joy Sports Antifa-Chic"
"I Will Rejoice In The Lord (Hindi)"
"The Good News"
"Gratitude lists makes dopamine when they are new..."
"Cup Of Forth"
"Psalm 5"
"This video will make you smile !"
"עבדו את השם בשמחה - שיר חדש עם גיטרה מאת יניב"
"Blow up Water Bottle"
"I love all of you."
"He was extremely happy full of joy - trust in the Almighty - a NaNaCh song"
Hi
bookmark
"How I feel joy."
"I really like big breasted broads. Some sort of inner confidence and a subtle sexuality is emitted by them."
"NGO which helps 100+ Homeless in 1 hour - [Heart warming] ️"
"REAL HAPPINESS IN JESUS--PLAYLIST. GOD BLESS AND LOVES YOU UNCONDITIONALLY. :))"
"David Tian Ph D - Over the past decade I’ve helped over 10,000+ men in 87+ countries achieve success and happiness in life and love."
"Who wants this Unlocked Phone"
"Real And Lasting Joy You Can Have Now In The Lord God Jesus Christ Who Loves You Unconditionally -- Playlist. Merry Christmas! :))"
"A beautiful fate made by an unfortunate series of coincidences."
"Cat Stevens - Morning has broken"
"David Tian Ph D - Over the past decade I’ve helped over 10,000+ men in 87+ countries achieve success and happiness in life and love."
"Heaven does exist"
"Earn free stuff on Amazon with this game!"
Happy
"“People who find joy in their lives, find the true wealth.” – The Coffee Prophet"
"Join us for Day 2!"
"It's Day 2 of Yahweh's Great Feast!!! What have you learned so far?"
"Join us!"
"AreYOU ready?!"
"Feast is nearly here!"
"Joy is pretty"

"Good News"
"I struggled a lot to keep a positive mindset during the pandemic. So I created ""Moodmonk"", an app to help myself and other people who struggle with negative emotions!"
"Monday message"
"Hope you have a great week ahead"
"Both can be true; give yourself some grace."
"I've read that we aren't aware of 90% of what is going on around us. (In terms of energy, electromagnetic fields, vibrations, spirits, angels, brainwaves, wavelengths, frequencies and ect.)"

"Never Forget This…."
"It's okay to begin your story today...."
️️
"I am a survivor ~ Say these words out loud...Blessings to you~ Shea   ️"
"7 Hours [8D] Deep Sleep Music for Relieving Stress Music | Anxiety | Dep..."
"When i am depressed ill try to remember my best happy moments... I understand now that as my happy moments didn't last forever... my sad moments would not either..."
"""We Are One"" - A song I made with a positive message for the people! "

"My SO of 9yrs snuck a few photos of me leaving the house/eating so he could send them to my mom and make her smile. I am grateful for my loved ones, but also proud of myself. Next milestone 7-30-21: celebrate 3yrs of no self harm! I can do this "
"A certain darkness is needed to see the stars."
"From personal experience - Overcome Self-Sabotage to Unlock Your Potential"
"The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own thinking."
️️️
"Things I feel grateful about at the moment"
"What are you all grateful for today?"
"Watch & Start Your Day Off Right With Positive Affirmations #Positivity #Motivational #uplifting #Affirmations #selfimprovement #goodvibes #inspirational #manifesting Enjoy Thanks"
"I Love my GF so much"
"Mid-Week Check-In - how is everyone doing?"
"Live simply. Give more. Expect less."
"Found this in my pictures, don't know who to credit but I just love it and wanted to share."
"Daily, I try to......"
"Hello All,"
"Wednesday exhortation!"
"It's a good day guys. Treat yourself right "
"I hope you learn how to let go."
"One of my favorite sayings ~ Blessings"
"Positivity Ping"
"I joined this group cause I feel like everyone in Reddit is mean af for some reason?"
"Tuesday motivation!"
"POSITIVE Morning Affirmations for SUCCESS and HAPPINESS"
"Finding beauty by simply living"
"Just read it."
"Shree Ram"
"Have a good night / day "
"Less cherry picking, fewer blue days, be more bananas, saw this on my trip to the ocean this week. Thought I would share!"
"I hope you're all doing well"
"Life is awesome!"
"A mother is the least selfish person. Because of the limit in title, I have written posts in the comment below."
"Youtube or Instagram in a nutshell."
"Monday encouragement!"
️
"What are you doing"
"8D Relaxing Insomnia Music | Sleep, Meditation | Study | Deep Sleeping ..."

"Can someone please convince me that life is worth it"
"This advice is not applicable to everyone, its just what I wish I could have told myself a while ago. Love to all!!"
"Sunday encouragement!"

"Are You Strong, Or Are You Weak...?"
"Weekend inspiration!"
"Click and Listen: Best Quote"
"01 Quote Swami Vivekananda"
"Difficult things can be accomplished given enough enthusiasm, joy, and purpose."
"""Be The Reason Others Smile"" - It's A Cliche, But..."
"I've had a lot of fun playing with the idea of starseeds since we all wonder where we come from (in relations to space)."
"I’ll finally be living on my own in a month!"

"What are you thankful for and why"
"Trying me best to spread the love and positive through my music. Hope you enjoy the new tune me and my buddy wrote"
"Happy Friday!"
"“Inspiration comes from within yourself. One has to be positive. When you’re positive, good things happen.”"
"Random acts of kindness are not just beneficial to the person on the receiving end of the good deed... Showing kindness leads to positive feelings for the giver AND receiver. These are some ideas for random acts of kindness to improve everyone's day!"
️
"Watch To Learn How To Have A Positive Mindset Enjoy Thanks"
"Sites where I can give back for free?"
"Hi! I created an app for daily affirmations & reminders, hope you guys can check it out and please let me know any feedback! Available for iOS & Android!"
"My hope for you is that all is peaceful ~ Blessings ~ Shea ️  "
"Thursday exhortation!"
"Just a reminder"

"Hey, i found an amazing ebook about 7 secrets to Achieve a Positive Mindset"
"The view you adopt for yourself profoundly affects the way you lead for Life. - SATYA NADELLA"
"Watch Positive Advice To Follow Your Dreams Enjoy Thanks"
"The very act of smiling, by simply moving your facial muscles, can actually trick your mind into being more positive... Smile today! :)"

"The most important thing is to look ahead. The past is your anchor."
"Wonderful Wednesday!"
"Keeping yourself organised"
"You can do it!"
"The beauty we find when we let go"
"Tuesday encouragement!"
"Never give up, You’re gonna make it! ️️"
️
"Fill you brain with postitiv I statements"
"Live the life you love…"
"Happy Monday Everyone - Have A Productive Week "
"Monday motivation!"
"Prepare for your tomorrows by putting everything into your todays. Faith over fear and belief over doubt. ️"
"Staying Positive as a Senior Citizen"

"Happy new week everyone <3"
"Your Power "
"Can't get out of bed easily? Here are my best tipps on how I have beaten my morning fatigue!"
"Please help spread the positivity"
"What are some good things you’ve seen lately that bring you hope for humanity?"
"“Today be mindful, focused and determined to execute. Kill all distractions and concentrate your will to produce results. Be independent in thought and swift in actions. Decide you want to be greater and stick to the plan...Remember who you are and be yourself..” ️  "
"Sunday exhortation!"
️
"If we do the right things, the universe will conspire with us - ️"
"The world is turning for all of us"
"Humanity will thrive when we pay it forward and do for each other what we know we can do for ourselves, sharing skills with those less fortunate or able."
"Weekend inspiration!"
️️️
"This person has done 78 days of positivity let’s get them to 100 subscribers"
"Help spread positivity"
"If you get tired, learn to rest not to quit."
"Happy Friday!"
Water
️
"Thursday encouragement!"
"How do I cultivate more hope/positivity"
"I believe that in your life, if you are not first, you will not find peace ~ Shea PTU day 188"

"Let's meditate People!!!"
"“Whatever follows “I AM” will eventually follow you. Send your words out in the direction you want your life to go. You can’t talk defeat & expect to have victory. You can’t talk like you have lost & expect to win. Remember, PEACE: Postive Energy Activates Constant Elevation”️"
"This is cool by Elon Musk!"
"Therapy [vss365prompt]"
"Please Watch My New Video How To Adopt A Positive Mindset Thanks Enjoy"
"This too shall pass"
"Having good grades is so refreshing"
"Wednesday motivation!"
Positivity2
"“Don’t let external chaos destroy your inner peace of mind. Protect your energy.” ️ ️"
"Our conscious awareness is one of our most powerful tool in this life."
Complements
"your teeth aren’t yellow they’re whole grain"
"Parenting Affirmantions"
"An app that shows you the most positive news!"
"Spanish Guitar Music Beautiful Relaxing Spanish Guitar Music (Instrumental)"
"Monday inspiration!"
"Positive mind, positive vibes ~ POSITIVE LIFE...Yay, blessings and happy Monday~ PTU day 185 ~ Shea"

"“The only difference between ordinary and EXTRAordinary, is the little EXTRA” ️ ️"
"A Positive Mind = A Positive Life"
" FAITH IT TIL YOU MAKE IT ️"
"Monday exhortation!"

"Unbiased and Simplified News"
"You are capable"
"Hey you ! seeing this post ? good , now remember."
Read…
"Thank you for sharing!"
"HI I HAV A QUESTION IM SO SORRY"
"The little things are precious"
Hi
"No Conflicts "
"Sunday encouragement!"
"Strength, Wisdom, Peace.   "
"Positivity Game"
"I am in pain and would like some positive words"
Hope

"Could use some positivity"
"Weekend inspiration!"
"Advice from my 8 year old today: Shoot your shot towards your goals today ️️"
"Don't wait until you reach your goal to be proud of yourself. Be proud of every step you take."
"Hi friends, this video is about gratitude and what good it can bring to us from the very first time we give thanks."
"A Women Who Won More Then 5000 Prizes With Positive Thinking"
"You did everything right, but you forgot to give one push to it. To enjoy the playground slide, you must make one push."
"Stay faithful in every situation. Never lose composure , remind yourself of who you truly are. Then move accordingly. ️"
"Sending good energy your way"
"“Nothing can stop the person with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal“"

"K-LOVE's Verse of the Day for Jul 3, 2021"
"We the cloud right now. But the rainbow is coming"
"Happy Friday!"
"Took this a little while back after a huge thunderstorm. Amazing to see up close. Definitely reminded me that everything is going to be alright."
"how are you like actually? :)"
"Peace Clarity Understanding Love Focus Success Wealth ️"
"Dreams do come true!"

"Hi all, I have been practicing *PTU now for almost a year. It has been working for me, I am understanding things differently and I am grateful. I wish the same for all of you. I am putting it out there with all that I am ~ Blessings, Shea ~ TheRiseofDaun ~ Positivity to the universe (*PTU) day 182"
"Thursday motivation!"
"“When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy. It’s very simple.”"
"Undertaking, a poem [vss365prompt 5/16]"
"K-LOVE's Verse of the Day for Jul 1, 2021"
️️️
"Have a hoppy Wednesday, with faith and endurance we can make it to Friday"
"I choose to believe....."
"It's a choice."
"I made an app focused on positivity!"
"Wednesday exhortation!"

"“Your beliefs become thoughts, Your thoughts become words, Your words become actions, Your actions become habits, Your habits become values, Your values become destiny, Don’t let people walk through your mind with dirty feet & Learn as if you are going to live forever”️"
"【4K】MANHATTAN | UNION SQUARE | NYC | 2021 | NEW YORK"
"NEVER FORGET......"
"Tuesday motivation!"
"It spoke to me. Maybe you need this message too! ️"
"Music [a poem]"
"“In a world with so much hate, love still prevails.” ️"
"Why we should do things (fighting procrastination)"

"Have a greatly positive week!"
"Great day and weekend"
"Sunday Soothing...."
"How to spend my free moments of thought."
"Monday encouragement!"
Kindness
"A little positivity for the new week! Let's create a good one!"
"Please join - I aim to create a community that uplifts and encourages through the lens of Kung Fu Panda and his buddies... just like Master Oogway wanted :)"
"News app that only filters for POSITIVITY! (It uses AI to show you the HAPPY stuff)"
"Nurture what sustains you."
"Happy Sunday! I hope everyone has a lovely week. No matter how little you do, just keep going forward ️"
"Positivity is key to survival - myself"
"Don’t suffer in your fantasies because what you do in reality is what makes your dreams come true. ️"

"Sunday encouragement!"
"I Published A Novel! (Positivity in the comments!)"
"Going through a tough time, tell me nice things"
"“If you can dream it, you can do it”"
"Just a reminder of some things I think we have in common."
"Be positive and love yourself because your one of a kind"
"I appreciate Reddit"
"【4K】MANHATTAN | MIDTOWN | NEW YORK | 2021"
"Positivity at finest. You Are Enough."

"Weekend motivation!"
Artist
"Happy Friday!"
"【4K】MANHATTAN | BILLIONAIRES ROW NYC | 57TH STREET | NEW YORK | 2021"
️️️
"Grow through what you go through"
"Thursday inspiration!"
" NOTHING CAN STOP YOU FROM ACCOMPLISHING WHAT YOU ARE AIMING FOR IN LIFE, POWER THROUGH ️"
"Always remember, YOU are incredible."
"$40M Rapper Rick Ross Gives Entrepreneur Facts"
"Strive, a poem about hope"

"Wednesday encouragement!"
"Sometimes people make me feel self-conscious and I start to feel shitty about myself (even though I’m currently working on my appearance and such things). Then I remember I have this froggy pic and I carry on with my day. Don’t let people stunt your progress. <3"
"Keep it in Perspective."
"Never Dull your Shine."

:)
"self care is important ️"
"Remain Beautiful."
"I have the capacity to heal,..."
"YOU are worth it."
"Hi, this video is about how our daily life can be enjoyable too. And how it can change our attitude to life itself ."
"Tuesday motivation!"

"We are stronger than we realize."
"Inspirational Quote of the Day"
"Be positive about your relationship! <3 (Credits in comment)"
"What if you could feel natural euphoria on demand would you want to know how?"
"When we look at nature, we see no rush. Yet everything is there in abundance."
"Monday inspiration!"
"Name a moment that changed your life for the better."
"Always look in the hood of the bad"
"Something that keeps coming to mind lately."

"Be the change you want to see in the world?"
Welcome!
"Happy Father’s Day!"
"CAPTURE A POSITIVE AND MEMORABLE MOMENT - Stay Safe Everyone"
"“Be powerful, confident , assertive , upright and focus. Have a reason for everything you do, walk with purpose and knowledge of self. You are not yesterday , you are now .. go get what's yours..” ️"
"Weekend encouragement!"
"Take the time to connect. Conversation always beats observation. Observation is almost always wrong."
"Listen to the Relaxing Rustle of the Leaves and Unwind to the soothing singing of the birds"
"This video is about looking at life in a different way. Understanding what is it that we really want in order to live the best life."
"【4K】MANHATTAN | UPPER WEST SIDE | UWS | NYC | 2021 | NEW YORK"
"2 Ways to Look at Life"
"Happy Friday!"
"Flags for a good cause!"
"A short video for a peaceful timeout. Have a lovely day folks!"
"Can someone just tell me things will be okay"
"Soothing Sounds of Flowing water"
"“Today be mindful, focused and determined to execute. Kill all distractions and concentrate your will to produce results. Be independent in thought and swift in actions. Decide you want to be greater and stick to the plan...Remember who you are and be yourself..” ️  "
"News app that filters for POSITIVITY! - only the happiest and most uplifting news"
"A dose of positivity for ya! (Credits in comment)"
"【4K】Manhattan | Turnstyle Underground Market | NYC | 2021 | New York"
"Positive mindset can be achieved by practicing positive affirmations, celebrating small wins, meditation, yoga, exercises and few other techniques. A positive mindset will help you in healing stress or anxiety caused by any trauma/pandemic."
"Need some cheering up"
"Thursday motivation!"
"“Become aware of what is really worth your energy. When your mind is focused and made up, you don’t make excuses, you try, and if you fail, you try again; Work hard to discover your gifts and manifest in them.” ️"
"Change your Mindset, Change your Life"
"Positivity in being positive"
"Love who you are in this moment, exactly how you are, know that you matter ~ Shea PTU day 167 Blessings"
"Wednesday Inspiration!"
"【4K】Manhattan | New York | 2021 | Central Park Weekly Walk # 17"
"The Success Mindset you have to imbibe if you ever wanna do something big in life:"
"Breath, Everything is going to be okay."
"Focus. Be prepared and active. Listening accomplishes a lot. Mean well, speak well, do well. Turn “Have to” into “Get to”. ️"
"Only you can justify yourself because nobody knows your reasoning. Stay true to yourself and do what's right."
"Do you think that your mind has a 'mind' of its own? Without even realizing, our mind seems to be governed by another entity which is called the sub-conscious mind."
"Embrace change.....it can lead to personal transformation! Sometimes, the mind will only consider new way's of living life, once the current way of living becomes unbearable. Suffering can lead to change which can lead to personal transformation!"
"Life has been extremely tough- any coping skills that might help?"
"How to Be Happy"

"“There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.”    ️"
"Tuesday encouragement!"
"Embracing change "
"Sometimes things just don't work out. That doesn't mean you aren't good enough"
"You Are Cute, And Don't Forget It!"
"For all who need a little positivity to start the new week!"
"Just trying to stay in the present"
"Monday inspiration!"
"“We get what we say.” ️"
"Our teacher was so unbelievably kind"
"Finally summoned the will to win a battle against my depression."
"Weekend motivation!"
"The before and after. Won a hard fought battle today depression, anxiety and the hoarding that they caused."
"News app that filters for POSITIVITY! - only the happiest and most uplifting news"
"“Protect your peace of mind; Don’t make things harder than they need to be.” ️"
"Your mood and well-being are tied directly with what you surround yourself with."

"“Give this world good energy“"
"Not everyone can be perfect, but everyone can be loved"
Listen!
"Life is going to give you all sorts of problems. Even if there are times where it feels like recovering from them is impossible and you should just give up, know that they're not and that you can do it."
"Friendly reminder"
"Timely advice. <3 (Credits in comment)"
"Weekend encouragement!"
"“Promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate; Negative never results into positive.” ️"
"Hey there!"
"News app that filters for POSITIVITY! - only the happiest and most uplifting news"
"Energy can be locked in the body in many different ways. It can be locked in on a mental, physical, emotional, spiritual level, or in any combination of these levels."
"Congratulations for making it though the week!"
"Robbie Savage Exclusive 2 - Everyone Needs Someone - Nigel Green CEO"
"What are you looking forward to this weekend?"
"There are special people in your life that you still haven't met."
"Happy cake day to me! Colorado sunshine and New Mexico sunset. Beautiful day. Positive vibes yall!"
"Happy Friday!"
"Truths always hurt, yet better than lies. I'm sorry but there's no special person out there waiting for you. Basically, you are on your own until the death. Please grow up and realize the fact that leprechauns and soulmates don't exist in this universe, otherwise disappointments will keep haunt you."
"“It cost nothing to be a good person.” ️"
"Someone on Discord sent me this, and I decided it was worth a share."
"“Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same.”"
"Thursday encouragement!"
"“Love, live life, proceed, progress.” ️"
"An app focused on positivity!"
"A reminder."
"“When your mind is focused and made up, you don’t make excuses, you try, and if you fail, you try again; Work hard to discover your gifts and manifest in them.”"
"Why Dame Dash Gives So Much Info For Free"
"A little midweek positivity. And don't ever forget - you are amazing."
"To The ""Unloved"","
"Please Keep Going!"
"Dear Earth ️"
"Just a little message with love from me to the rest of the world. xx"
"What another word for positivity"
"Practicing Acceptance Of The Moment"
"Wednesday motivation!"
"Grow through your periods of learning ... Never get too big to listen, still take the GOOD advice .."
"Make someone's day more positive"
"The importance of a safe place inside of us"
"Tuesday inspiration!"
"“You Are Never Too Old To Set Another Goal Or To Dream A New Dream.”"
"Joke of the Day (Dessert Themed)"
" NOTHING CAN STOP YOU FROM ACCOMPLISHING WHAT YOU ARE AIMING FOR IN LIFE, POWER THROUGH ️"
"“Start with where the world is; don’t let perfect be the enemy of good enough. NO MORE EXCUSES.”"
"Allow yourself to be a beginner. No one starts off being excellent."
"Monday encouragement!"
"June 7 Juin Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Why FewThings Are Attractive Law of Attraction- Abraham Hicks"
"To all"
"Apply yourself to think through difficulties because hard times can be softened, tight squeezes can be widened, & heavy loads can be made lighter for those who can apply the right pressure. You’re strong enough to persevere through anything, IMPOSSIBLE broken up is “I’M POSSIBLE”"
"Just a few minutes to breathe and a reminder to forgive ~ Blessings ~ PTU day 157 ~ StRoD"
"The world is not a trip to Disneyland where you are gonna find smiling faces ready to lift your spirits to the moon. It can and will be pretty bonkers and nasty at times. And the only way to stay resilient and persevering is to practically eat, sleep, and love your work."
"Sunday motivation!"
"June 6 Juin Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"A couple Jokes of the Day to make you smile!"
"I sold 13 copies of my debut novel in it's release week!"
"Hoping you find what you are looking for - [Never Enough - Greatest Showman]"
"Beautiful moment pictures that we capture"
"“If you find something very difficult to achieve yourself, don’t imagine it impossible—for anything possible and proper for another person can be achieved as easily by you.” YOU CAN DO IT️"
"Why I quit watching the news and watching conspiracy theories"
"''A moment of gratitude, makes a difference in your attitude''"
p
"I am forgiving ~ Blessings ~ PTU day 156 ~ StRoD"
"Found A New Path To The Dam"
"Beautiful moments "
"Saturday encouragement!"
"These 5 Minutes in the Morning Will Make You 5X Happier"
"Drop() the Stress... Live in the present moment "
"June 5 Juin Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Having a sense of humor can go a long way. Whether it’s your boss you wanna placate, or your partner you wanna impress, or your friends you wanna have fun with, or your family you wanna make happy; humor will surely make things easier for you."
"Share the positivity"
" A meaningful life"
"What makes you unique is what makes you beautiful."
"“Choose to be a giver. A giver of love, a giver of good vibes, and a giver of kindness.”"
"It is never too late...Blessings ~ PTU day 155~ StRoD"
"Rule number 1"
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
"“Your faith can move mountains, your fear can create them; Everything you have been looking for is inside of you.” ️ "
"Aura Cleansing & Repairing Frequency | Cleanse Energy Field & Clear Blockages In It"
"how these three books saved my life"
"This is just so sweet"
"Wishing a happy day!!!  PTU day 154 StRoD"
"ITS A NEW DAY. ITS FRIDAY AND SPOTIFY HAS NEW MUSIC. SMILE"
"June 4 Juin Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Wishing a happy day!!!  PTU day 154 StRoD"
"Remind yourself"
"Happy Friday!"
"Spread The Love "
"“Trust yourself. You’ve survived a lot, and you’ll survive whatever is coming. Stay patient and keep working, results will come.” ️"
"Dances with Death"
"Look forward"
"Why is it that when anyone talks about happiness and optimism, he is straightaway dismissed as unrealistic and superficial and naive, and when someone talks about the sufferings of life and pessimism, he is labeled as a man of great intellect as he sounds practical and realistic?"
"Listen to your higher self :)"
"4K Macclesfield Forest Walk, English Countryside. No talking, just walking. Enjoy :)"
"Thursday motivation!"
"Identify the Love Around You"
"Hello there again."
"Hello there yet again."

"Final post."
"June 3 Juin Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Good morning."
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
"【4K】Manhattan | TriBeCa | Downtown | NYC | 2021 | NEW YORK"
"What are you grateful for today?!?"
"Today I am trusting my intuition, I am listing to my guidance, I am safe ~ Blessings ~ PTU day 153 StRoD"
"The Beautiful Truth About You"
"How to Find Fulfillment in Life (5 STEPS TO A MEANINGFUL LIFE!)"
"Joke of the Day"
"Thank you Piranha Plant"
"A nice exercise for self value "
p
"Wednesday Inspiration!"
"June 2 Juin Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"【4K】Manhattan | Vessel | Hudson Yards | NYC | 2021 | New York"
"If you could have a “coach”, what would it be for?"
"Hello there"
"Black and White Thinking: Learn to See the Grey Areas in Life - ""Black and white thinking is our tendency to look at the world in terms of 'all or nothing.' This strict and stubborn perspective can become the cause of many problems in our lives because it often represents a false view of reality."""
"Hey there, here's a recording of ""I am"" positive affirmations to start off your week! I hope all is going well and blessings beautiful soul. ️PTU day 152 StRoD"
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
"Simple meditation music with hemi sync"
"“Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don’t have, you will never, ever have enough” — Oprah Winfrey"
"Tuesday encouragement!"
"Hi there :)"
"Do you relate ?"
"June 1 Juin Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"“Trust yourself. You’ve survived a lot, and you’ll survive whatever is coming. Stay patient and keep working, results will come.” ️"
"Gift yourself a minute to relax with beautiful nature sounds - Breathe..... Blessings StRoD"
"Distance yourself that brings you negative vibes !"
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it."
"OM meditation with hemi sync"
"Wrong keys will not open the right door for you. Have patience; a fresh mind can do magical things for you."
"Seeing other people’s relationship issues make me feel better about being alone"
"Happy Memorial Day!"
"PTU day 150 Peace StRoD"
"May 31 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"“Your faith can move mountains, your fear can create them; Everything you have been looking for is inside of you.” ️ "
"Twitching about positivity "
"Don't be afraid to FAIL"
Optimism
"Joke of the Day"
"Art By Ronzilla"
"Hey out there! Just wanted to pass on my blessings for a wonderful weekend! StRoD"
"These Rumi’s Quotes And Poems Will Melt Your Heart With The Fire Of Love"
"Sunday motivation!"
"Dream Big"
"May 30 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"“Believe in yourself and you will be unstoppable”"
"Quote and Joke of the Day"
"Don't wait for the perfect moment...."
p
p
pp
"Saturday inspiration!"
"Some real wholesome shit"
"Walking Where The Sheep Pasture Dispute Happened"
"May 29 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Remember be kind to people but also offer new people a hand.."
"“Be down to earth or be brought down; A strong soul is better than good luck, Set your standards and use them; train yourself” ️"
"You won't be beautiful to everyone but there's always someone"
"Recording of "" I am "" positive affirmations for your weekend  Blessings beautiful soul - Positivity to the Universe day 148- StRoD"
"Stickers and badges for mental health month! 20% revenue will be donated (:"
"When you are ready, radiate as much happiness as you can"
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
"Happy Friday!"

"“Snowmen fall from heaven unassembled” #trusttheprocess ️ ️"
"True friends accept you."
"May 28 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"The glass isn’t half way full or half way empty, it is refillable "
"Faith Up!"
"I don't think nice guys actually finish last. So long as you're a good person and you show love the proper way, then you'll be okay."
"PTU day 147 StRoD"
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
"Making the World Smile One Shirt at a Time!"
"Inspirational story for those getting bullied."
"Palestinians clean up the streets of Gaza"

"The most important lesson I've learned in the past 5 years."
"How To Not Hesitate (5 TIPS TO OVERCOME FEAR & HESITATION!)"
"May 27 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"A warrior..."
"I change my screen saver on my phone every day and was running out of them. Got to messing around and made a screen saver that fits my phone. Enjoy if you'd like! Have a great day!"
"Thursday motivation!"
"My debut epic dark fantasy book ""Starfall"" is out on Kindle and Kindle Unlimited in 4 days!"
"ohh, yes "
"PTU day 146 StRoD"
Hello

"Win through your actions."
"“No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted“"
"Wednesday Inspiration!"
"From the book I’m reading- The Complete Notes From The Universe- Mike Dooley - gave me a good feeling I hope it does for you as well!"
"May 26 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"When Einstein gave lectures at universities, the recurring question that students asked him most was: Do you believe in God? And he always answered: I believe in the God of Spinoza."
"Happy Tuesday! PTU day 145 StRoD 5/25/2021"
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
Believe
"Returned Drivers License"
"“Don’t spend much time thinking about what other people think. Think about what you think. Think instead about the results, about the impact, about whether it is the right thing to do: Well-being is realized by small steps, but is truly no small thing.”"
"Tuesday encouragement!"
"Get started on that late work! "
"May 25 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Put yourself in a great state of mind with this upbeat, feel good instrumentals playlist featuring the lost, aesthetic sounds of the 80s-90s era of smooth jazz, fusion and new age. Shuffle and enjoy a relaxing and productive day~~"
"Inspired by Game of Thrones, Stormlight Archive and Dragon Age, my debut novel from The Fables of Chaos ""Starfall"" will be out on Kindle and Kindle Unlimited June 1, 2021."
"I think many of us had our childhoods taken from us, we were not given the permission nor the environment to thrive. I am showing my child all the love and security that all children need. I am allowing my child to play confident and free, without judgment. I am choosing freedom. Blessings PTU 144"
"Optimism in a weird place"
"May 24 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"When you work day and night, debt up to your ears and are fighting to get yourself an education as an adult.. but little moments remind you it’s all worth it"
"Monday motivation!"
"A gif I made of these two butterflies I caught doing butterfly things in Costa Rica. Wanted to spread the love to you guys!"
"Remember You Are So Much More. Sending You Love!"
"Happy Sunday, wishing a blessed week. StRoD PTU day 143"
"Be Free"
"Blessed Sunday Friends"
"True family.."
"Recharge Yourself Within Minutes. Take Mindful Micro-Breaks. Escape from your daily hassles."
"This monks talk on happiness & positivity was awesome"
"Sunday encouragement!"
"May 23 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Aww innocent and positive"
"Recording of ""I am"" positive affirmations for the weekend - Blessings -PTU day 141 - StRoD"
"Throw kindness.. courtesy of my yogurt lid this morning."
"There are limits..."
"To generate positivity: Affirmations of Self-Compassion & Self-Love"
"“Light creates understanding, understanding creates love, love creates patience, and patience creates unity.” ️"
"Better humans"
"Where The Wild Garlic Grows ASMR Walk"
"May 22 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Saturday inspiration!"
"Everyone is different"
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
"Remember: You are the beginning ~ Blessings for your weekend ~ PTU day 141~ StRoD ~ 5/21/2021"

"Note to Self: You are not too old and it's not too late."
"Your mental health is important..."
"To be loved, be lovable. Even the darkest nights end & the sun rises. You are never too old to dream. Try again today what you failed at yesterday. Stars shine, you have to be the light first. Your words show your path. Your journey begins when you start."
"I am positively positive that you should take some extra time this weekend for self-care:)"
"I've had a tough time the last year with my mental health... but I managed to write my very first book despite it! It's out June 1 "
"How do you gain confidence?"
"a reminder"
"You can have faith in your dreams and manifest them to reality."
"Happy Friday!"
"May 21 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Greetings ! Here is a recording ""I am"" positive affirmations with relaxing music by Scott Buckley. The music is a little louder than I wanted, but things happen . Anyway, this is wishing you a wonderfully blessed weekend! StRoD PTU day 140 5/20/2021"
"“The only difference between ordinary and extraordinary is the little extra”"
"Some of you don't even realize how you light up a room and inspire people just by being you. You're literally magnetic and you don't realize it."
"WHY SOME.POEPLE.ARE NOT HAPPY IN LIFE"

"Fren Cafe : Meet New Frens"
"hi i made a telegram channel and ı post positive things @cozytimes"
"I'm content because my basic survival needs are met. If you're not content, take away things that don't serve your health and relaxation. What's left is stillness. Society is built like a zoo filled with wild animals. They need adequate rest, water, and nutrition. "
"Thursday encouragement!"
"May 20 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
"Kindness....Blessings ~ PTU day 139 ~ StRoD ️ "
"Inside you will find greatness:)"
"How To Be More Present (5 WAYS TO ENTER THE PRESENT MOMENT!)"
StRoD️
"Wednesday motivation!"
"Sending you all love"
"Everything will be ok "
"Trust your process."
"May 19 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Venting Session!"
"""Even a stopped clock is right twice every day. After some years it can boast of a long series of successes."" - Marie Von Ebner-Eschenbach (19th century Austrian writer)"
"Life is really starting to get good!!"
ABSOLUTELY
"“Be the reason someone smiles“"
"Keep grinding, others may not see the vision, but if you truly believe, they’ll see it soon "
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
"4K Grindleford Village Walk, English Countryside. No talking, just walking. Do enjoy :)"

"[Healing Music]  Continue watching this Amazing Planet Earth Tour for 60mins healing by nature  Be our subscriber to our CA-RE FLIX channel at YouTube. Great Health, Love & Happines to you. ️"
"Don't Give Up On Your Dreams - The Philosophy of Dream"
"May 18 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Tuesday inspiration!"
"The cure to my procrastination has been consistency"
"Just me walking on the beach thinking of labor and cartoons. I got my son to 21, YAY~ PTU day 137 ~ StRoD"

"Bridal Party Proposal "
"My Dad has AFIB"
"God Has Something For You"
"Lord,Keep Our Family And Friends Safe."
"What will help You"
♡♡♡♡
"My Social Positivity App :)"
"Monday encouragement!"
"Don’t let people tell you what isn’t possible because they couldn’t do it, or because they didn’t even try it themselves..."
"May 17 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Don’t let comparison take over any of your happiness and self worth"
"I love that feeling..."
"Blessing ~ PTU day 136 ~ StRoD"
"The Butterfly (Struggles) : #motivationalStory Good Thoughts"
"My Top 3 Tips for Finding Happiness Everyday! "
"How do you gain confidence? (EJ's GEM)"
"Sunday motivation!"
"Everything is okay ️"
"A broken heart can teach you the best"
"May 16 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Creativity takes courage!"
"A positive inquiry"
"Happy Saturday and blessings for your weekend (Hopefully the sound is ok, many times it sounds ok when I am finished recording, then not as ok once it is loaded into YouTube. thank you for joining me on this journey of self awareness, and/or mental wellness. I am grateful for you. PTU day 135 StRoD"
"Tell me something nice!"
"The Evacuated Town In Rain"
"Saturday inspiration!"
"Background Music For Programming - A playlist designed for all programmers. Ambient music carefully created to support your work without disturbing it."
"Israeli soldiers playing soccer with Palestinian kids"
"May 15 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"IMAGINE, with all of your mind. BELIEVE, with all of your heart. ACHIEVE, with all of your might."
"Feeling Hopeful!"
"Where There Is Will, There's A Way"
"Here is a little drawing I made :)) you are all important and matter no matter if you have dark skin, are blind, have freckles, have ""bad"" hair,scars, acne, if you are cubby/over weight,,, all of these""imperfections are actually what make you perfect!!so embrace all of yer traits, you all matter "
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
Smiling
"The people you lose..."
"Happy Friday!"
"Late bloomers still bloom."
"Biggest lesson this year..."
"May 14 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Blessings - PTU day 133-5/13/2021StRoD"
"We have to be ready to work for the things we pray for ."
"If you have the ability to love, love yourself first."
"I’ve decided this is going up in my classroom next year :)"
"Sun's out after many gloomy days. Keep shining."
"A Day in the Life Photo Project"
"How to.Remaiin.Strong Everyday"
"Friendly reminder x"
"May 13 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Chase your dreams Always  trust God"
"Thursday encouragement!"
[Image]
[image]
"Go where"
"Once a desire firms its place in our minds then the power it brings with itself is magnificent. The power of desire is what makes us push our boundaries and help us reach new heights. But this power only becomes the reason for all the hardships one may have to face in life."
"YOU Vs YOU"
"This is a threat"
"Recording ~ I am positive affirmations w/ uplifting (quicker) music by S..."
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
"I just want to feel calm and safe with you."
"How To Be More Self Aware (4 TIPS TO INCREASE SELF-AWARENESS!)"
"When you feel like you're losing everything"
"Friends are Amazing."
"Motivation to write to your younger self and forgive!!!"
"Each of us has a sun inside that always fills our life with light. Do not ignore its light and go aggressively behind your dreams. Yours sincerely "
"Wednesday Inspiration!"
"Blessings - PTU day 132 - StRoD"
"May 12 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"

"little puppy . he want to say hi"
"Be the person you want to be and don't forget to take life one step at a time as life is like stairs, if you skip to many steps you will spiral to the ground"
"A Study On Happiness ""The 5-3-2 Plan"""
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
"Look! it is blue sky today, the life is still beautiful."
"When we control ourselves, we live in limitation. But when we know how to control ourselves, then we live in unlimited."
"One of my favorites  ~ Blessings ~ PTU day 130 ~ StRoD ~ 5/10/2021"
"how to deal with the numbers i hope my words find you comfort"
"Tuesday motivation!"
"Things you can't buy."
"We are all one."
"May 11 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Just stuffing your mind with ‘positive’, ‘positive’, and ‘positive’ all day long about a particular situation or a person and completely abandoning the ‘facts & figures’, the ground reality, and seeing things as it is isn’t anywhere close to the real POSITIVE thinking."
"How are you keeping present lately?"
"Which Way To Go Because You Are Fantastic Just The Way You Are"
"How to Remain Strong"
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
"Monday encouragement!"
"As long as your heart is white  and you wish everyone well, you will be fine "
"May 10 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Find happiness, happiness is life."
"It is okay :)"
"GROWTH IS FOUND BEYOND YOUR WEAKNESS"
"The Obstacle In Our Path (Opportunity) #motivationalStory : Good Thoughts"
"Life is a book"
"Art lifts us up"
"Wishes for a positive and productive week, blessings ️ ~ PTU day 129 ~ 5/9/2021 ~ StRoD"
"YoU ARE ENOUGH. Don't be saD"
"Uplifting Story"
"Today's Positive Boost"

"How do you keep your positivity around family or negative people?"
"Happy Mother’s Day!"
"4k Caldon Canal to Stoke on Trent Walk, English Countryside. No talking, just walking. Do enjoy :)"
"Happy people"
"Do What You Think Is Right."
"ALL I NEED IS ME. "
"Soul Saturday - Energy Healing For Feeling At Peace: meditation for energy healing  hope you enjoy"
"May 9 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"

"Do This One Thing To Attract More Wealth: do you believe in the law of attraction? This video may be of interest to you if you want to attract more wealth "
"Blessings for your weekend!  PTU day 128 ~ StRoD ~ 5/8/2021"
"We are all worthy."
[Image]
"Full and honest explanations are the only true path to real understanding."
"I am feeling very sad and blue and could use a few positive messages. Here is a cat photo in exchange."
"【4K】Manhattan | New York | 2021 | Central Park Weekly Walk # 16"
"To The Old Train Tracks Out Of Town (ASMR Walk)"
"May 8 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Saturday inspiration!"
"Today's Positive Boost"
"You got this!"
"I am not what happened to me"
"Success is the highest form of self love."
"Happy Friday~ Wishing all a blessed weekend ~ PTU day 127 ~ StRoD ~ 5/7/2021"
Acceptance
"A huge ahoutout"
"“We can change what we focus on and give energy to.”  ️ / “The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible “  "
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
"im proud of you"
"【4K】Manhattan | Pier 17 | South Street Seaport | NYC | 2021 | New York"
"May 7 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Today's Positive Boost"
"Can you share something good that has happened to you?"
"Thank you."
"Deep. Mine right now is getting up early"
"How to release the negative energy of desire? Today we're going to learn to do that."
"Happy Friday!"
"Recording of ""I am"" positive affirmations W/ calming music by Linn Friberg ~ Let there be peace ~ PTU day 126 ~ StRoD ~ 5/6/2021"
"Be you!"
"“The world is 3 days: As for yesterday it has vanished along with all that was in it, as for tomorrow, you make never see it, As for today, it is yours, so work on it.” ️"
"Be passionate."
"Today's Mood Boost"
"Feeling is believing. I'll let you know if and when I've reached my soulmates dick and am safely in his arms"
"Happiness is when what you think, what you say and what you do are in harmony."
"THIS IS HOW YOU LEARN TO APPRECIATE EVERYTHING"
"May 6 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Choose to stay positive"
"“Your time, love, and energy is priceless, spend it wisely.” ️"
"Hey, you."
"Thursday motivation!"
Vining
"【4K】Manhattan | Oculus | 911 Memorial | NYC | 2021 | New York"
"Blessings -StRoD -PTU day 124"
"How To Reset Your Mindset (5 TIPS TO CHANGE YOUR LIFE!)"
"Blessings ~Positivity to the universe (PTU) day 125 ~ StRoD 5/5/2021"
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
"Obsessed with me"
"Using social media as your measure for how the real world is; totally off ... don’t trick yourself ,use your own real life experiences while going out and experience life hands-on. What works for you may not work for others and what worked for others may not work for you."
"oh, yes"
"A Pound Of Butter (Honesty) - Good Thoughts #motivationalvideo"
"How To Make An Absurd Amount Of Wealth by 82 Points of View with Dorian • A podcast on Anchor"
"Life Changes"
"Hope it cheers someone's day"
"Using social media as your measure for how the real world is; totally off ... don’t trick yourself ,use your own real life experiences while going out and experience life hands-on. What works for you may not work for others and what worked for others may not work for you."
"Thanks for sharing momma"
"Wednesday encouragement!"
"Taking Chances"
"Pika - youuu"
"Like yourself."
"May 5 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Loyalty is attractive"
"Always a great thing"
"Be patient. Everything is coming together. Whatever you are waiting for is on its way to you."
"Respect me enough to tell me.."
"5 beautiful quotes from your favorite authors."
"If you doubt yourself in what you are doing, you can not do what you want to do. Belief is like a sword. It works great when it is sharp."
"Not everything can be counted :)"

"Hopefully you have had many blessings today :)"
"Tuesday motivation!"
"May 4 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Be the person you want to be"
"Self reflection"
"【4K】Manhattan | One WTC | Freedom Tower | NYC | 2021 | New York"
"Just a few moments of nature and chimes to help you to stop and relax, blessings ~ StRoD ~ PTU day 103"
"Monday encouragement!"
"Choose to be happy that is the only way to find happiness!"
"Choosing your partner."
"Keep going !"
"Honesty, respect"
"I care about.."
"Peaceful Ambient Study & Focus Music • 432 Hz • 2 Hours"
"Wishing a blessed week ~ StRoD"
"just writing something in the hopes it’ll brighten someone’s day."
"May 3 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Sunday motivation!"
"Strong women"
"Be you!!!"
"May 2 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"Life is too short.."
"Believe in yourself"
"Recording of ""I am"" positive affirmations positive w/ music by Scott Buckley, The Things That Keep Us Here - This is a slower meditative tune with beautiful ocean view shot Thursday 4/29/2021~ Blessings ~ PTU day 121 ~ 5/1/21 ~ StRoD"
"Take care of yourself"
"Trying to share some positivity through my Youtube channel."
"Live in the moment! Let go of your worries and be present. This moment is your life."
"【4K】Manhattan | New York | 2021 | Central Park Weekly Walk # 15"
"Saturday inspiration!"
"An instrumentals playlist paying tribute to the lost, aesthetic sounds of the 80s-90s era of smooth jazz, fusion and new age. Shuffle and enjoy a relaxing and productive day~~"
"May 1 Mai Daily Update / Mise à jour quotidienne"
"There has been massive confusion and doubt amongst people as to what #positive​ #thinking​ is actually all about. And as a result of that, they often end up on the wrong side, namely 'fake positive thinking.'"
"Miracles are everywhere "
"Made my Own Positive Affirmation video- Hope it uplift us forward to a great Weekend :)"
"Bucket list item #1  - blessings - PTU day 120"
"Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible."
"Surgeons at Duke University have successfully implanted a new generation of artificial heart — a first for any hospital in North America. The heart was developed by a French company and has been approved for use and sale in Europe."
"The Philippines Wins Its First Olympic Gold After Nearly 100 Years Of Trying"
"Vaccination rates climbing in US as COVID-19 cases rise during summer months"
"PIG - Staring Nicolas Cage (Wonderful movie with a hint of horror in it)"
"Tunisian teenager Ahmed Hafnaoui’s family watch as he takes gold in the 400m men's freestyle final in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics"
"Good news: Staten Island man finds lost heirloom gold ring crafted in Africa on beach"
"Showing solidarity after the floods: People helping people"
"Japan's Yuto Horigome wins first skateboarding gold in Olympic history"
"Using plastic waste to help solve sand shortages"
"The #49ers have 100% vaccination rates among Tier 1 & 2 employees, including coaches. Last month, they checked in around 60 percent."
"Son wanted to know how to save lives on his birthday"
"The ""I am your father"" 1980 Cinema Reaction is Fake But The Mandela Effect Community Thinks Its Real"
"Worldwide, infections in the place where surgical incisions are made are a major cause of new illnesses and sometimes even death. Teenager Dasia Taylor's unique, color-changing stitches could reduce the risk associated with surgical infection:"
"Donated Cars and Cash Flood in to South Carolina Mechanic Who Fixes Them And Gives Them Away to Those in Need"
"The House votes to increase the number of visas for Afghans who have helped U.S. troops."
"Fingerprint Found on Renaissance Wax Sculpture May Belong to Michelangelo - ""Conservators at the V&A in London say fluctuating temperatures, humidity in storage likely revealed the long-hidden imprint"""
"Country music star Luke Combs pays for funeral expenses for men who died at Faster Horses music festival"
"Giannis Antetokounmpo: From Street Vendor in Greece to NBA Champion -- Born in Athens in 1994 to a family of Nigerian immigrants, Antetokounmpo spent almost two decades of his life without being a citizen of any country because he had no papers."
"SOLID MOVIE | M. Night Shyamalan: Old - Horror Talk Movie Review"
"More than $1,000,000 in grants and (30,000 racquets for kids) supporting under-served youth through community tennis programs has been doled out by the USTA Foundation to 105 National Junior Tennis & Learning (NJTL) chapters."
"Innkeeper's Kindness to House People After Storms is Contagious!"
"No need to wear face mask anymore, 2m and one way markings removed too! Also guess my age"
"Volunteers in India Do it Again–Planting 250 Million Saplings in Single Day and Seeing 80% Survival Rate"
"3 women say they found out they had the same cheating boyfriend. Now they're on a road trip together"
"How UFO Sightings Went From Conspiracy Theory To A Serious Government Inquiry"
"Potato chips and packing tape: How an officer helped prevent a stabbed man from bleeding out"
"[Scuderia Ferrari] Ferrari has been awarded with the Equal Salary Certificate for providing equal pay to men and women, and we couldn't be more proud of it."
"New Report Finds Survival Rates Are Improving Every Year For Most of the Common Cancers in U.S."
"Beavers returning to the desert"
"I'm happy to be me"
"World's first salt and sugar tax could be introduced in England"
"Google (Stadia) to give developers and publishers a bigger cut of sales, changing system to 85 percent of sales revenue to the dev and publisher, with Google taking a 15 percent cut"
"Cape Cod restaurant closes for 'day of kindness' after customers' rude behavior -- ""This is an unacceptable way to treat any human. We decided to close for the morning because we wanted our staff to know that they have value to us, not just as employees but also as humans."""
"After scouring China for 24 years on a motorbike, a determined dad is reunited with his abducted son"
"A poll of 2,005 Americans revealed that since March 2020, people are more often embracing the idea of neighborly love"
"Keeping People Out of Jail Keeps People Out of Jail"
"A Chinese man has been reunited with his kidnapped son after a 24-year search that saw him travel over 500,000km (310,000 mi) on a motorbike across the country."
"The altruistic beverage to help people in recovery from alcohol and/or addiction ️"
"Charitable Giving in the U.S. Rose 5.1% Last Year to a Record High of $471 Billion in 2020"
"Smart Technology is Not Making Us Dumber After All, According to New Study"
"Pizzeria owner gives full day of sales to his employees"
"Happy panda bois"
"A new class of drug successfully targets treatment-resistant prostate cancers and prolongs the life of patients. The treatment delivers beta radiation directly to tumour cells, is well tolerated by patients and keeps them alive for longer than standard care, found a phase 3 trial."
"On This German Farm, Cows Are in Charge. Or at Least Coequals."
"3 years ago, I had a job I loved..."
"Woman Looking to Adopt a Pet From a Pennsylvania Shelter Finds the Dog She Lost 2 Years Ago"
"Hero Plumber Has Helped 10,000 Vulnerable Families Fix Heating and Plumbing For FREE During Pandemic"
"Giant pandas no longer endangered but still vulnerable, says China"
"Who is in a good mood today?"
"Almost 50,000 people in South-East Madagascar now have access to a household toilet"
"Imagine how happy the kids are gonna be"
"Amazon, Unilever, and Nestlé join the UK, US, and Norway in New $1Billion Initiative to Preserve Tropical Rainforests"
"Volunteers Bring Asylum-Seekers' Pets Across US Border"
"Trees in UP to be translocated, not felled"
"Girls sell lemonade to raise money for family of fallen Colorado police officer -- 'He had kids ... what if that was my dad?' 9-year-old Scarlet Reust asked her mother."
"Farmers plant 2.1 lakh saplings across Tamil Nadu for ‘Van Mahotsav’"
"Rajasthan's Ramgarh Wildlife Sanctuary upgraded to Tiger Reserve"
"Indian green warriors carry tree on their shoulders for manual relocation"
"Euratom Research and Training Programme receives €300 million for fusion research and to improve nuclear safety, radiation protection and training"
"After being born with Grade IV Brain Cancer and given months to live, my daughter is turning two this month, is tumor free and somehow hasn’t missed a beat."
"Someone gave me a good review at work and I am in management's good books!"
"The kids aren’t alright: How activism helps young people deal with ‘eco-anxiety’"
"Entrepreneur buys 21-acre barren land, converts it into forest in Karnataka"
"Cancer therapy that does not cause hair loss may be on the way."
"First company to ban weight loss ads!"
"I got my first job"
"During the month of June, I listened to over 600 songs that were posted to Reddit by independent musicians. Whenever I ran into one that blew me away, I added it to this database! I'd love to share it here with anyone interested."
"Embrace secular values to save society"
"In 1976, Shavarsh Karapetyan, an Armenian Olympic swimmer, saves 20 people trapped in a bus that sank 80' offshore. It took him several hours to save them all, and he suffered injuries that put him in the hospital for 45 days—it ended his Olympic career. 9 years later... (more in comments)"
"California becomes first state to offer free school breakfast and lunch to all students"
"MY 46,000 DOLLAR PRIVATE STUDENT LOAN WAS PAID OFF THIS MORNING!!"
"I GOT ACCENTED INTO MY DREAM SCHOOL :)"
"Some people really deserve more than we can give..."
"Forest dept restores grassland in Kerala"
"I GOT MARRIED!!"
"Rubbish dump turned lush urban farm"
"I passed my drivers exam today"
"My sister graduated law school!"
"Indian tycoon Mukesh Ambani to invest $10.1bn into clean energy. ""The move toward green by the Mumbai-based giant offers a glimpse of the new order awaiting some of the world’s major fossil-fuel producers"""
"Scientific reproduction could save northern white rhino from extinction"
"US and Canada strengthen energy relationship: sign MOU that reinvigorates and expands energy cooperation between their departments - identifies 15 areas for strategic bilateral energy cooperation and sets the framework for commitments laid out in the Roadmap for a Renewed U.S.-Canada Partnership"
"San Francisco could get more 24/7 public bathrooms after years of struggling with poop on streets"
"Phoenix hotel turned homeless shelter is seeing success"
"DoD contractor gets 23 years for leaking info to Hezbollah-linked boyfriend"
"A giant artwork brings Baxter park alive."
"Japan proposes four-day working week to improve work-life balance - The Japanese government has just unveiled its annual economic policy guidelines, which include new recommendations that companies permit their staff to opt to work four days a week instead of the typical five."
"Pa. Senate sends bill protecting kids’ lemonade stands to Gov. Wolf"
"California, Bay Area Ahead of Rest of the U.S. in COVID-19 Vaccinations"
"Reddit bear hugs foster kid charity!"
"Australian community TV stations Channel 31 and Channel 44 given three-year lifeline in surprise turnaround"
"Clearing a Path from Prison to the Bar Exam"
"'Don't go through the storm alone' - the Bradford group starting vital conversations about mental health"
"We saved a cat and her babies today"
"Bandicoots are surviving in western Victoria thanks to guardian dogs"
"Rob Zombie Film: Halloween 2 - Why This Movie Is More realistic Than You Think"
"Baby Richard was born 131 days early and given a 'zero per cent chance of survival'. He just turned one"
"The world's most premature baby has celebrated his first birthday after beating 0% odds of surviving"
"Walmart PS5 Restock Shocks Buyers With Free Upgrade. ""Walmart has decided to completely eat the $100 difference in value between the Digital and Standard Editions of the PS5."""
"She Won A $40,000 Scholarship. 10 Minutes Later, She Donated It To Other Students"
"The Go-Go's Going Into The Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, About Time!"
"Grain grower gives farm to community as an act of philanthropy, hoping to inspire others"
"This classroom has no wall and no ceiling, so learning is boundless - Port Macquarie's Nature School in high demand"
"13-year-old girl becomes valedictorian at Antioch High School"
"In Palmerston, local kids meet friends and learn skills through youth engagement programs"
"Finally lost my depression weight. Eff you, depression!"
"Teenage Suicide Attempts Fall After Same-Sex Marriage Is Legalized"
"MCD: Episode 1 - Juneteenth is an Annual Holiday Observing the End of Slavery in The U.S."
"Cryptocurrency Talk & Loss of Space Threatening North American Sasquatch"
"Eyeharp allows a woman with cerebral palsy to play music without using her hands"
"Finally got a job in my field!!"
"Toddler finally went poo poo in the potty!"
"Graduated and landed Junior .Net developer job"
"The discovery of a very rare King Island emu egg is exciting scientists"
"US set to celebrate end of slavery on new Juneteenth federal public holiday"
"Elders play key role in giving young Indigenous people hope and keeping them out of jail"
"I was offered and accepted a job for less money!"
"Vietnam Circus Decides to End Bear Performances and Surrenders 4 Moon Bears to Animal Rescue"
"Tracey Kruger's orphaned lambs in baby jumpers ease loneliness around the world"
"Once feared extinct, dibblers are breeding on Dirk Hartog Island"
"AP Definitive Source | Why we’re no longer naming suspects in minor crime stories"
"More pine trees will be planted in New South Wales forests this winter than ever before"
"Americans gave a record $471 billion to charity in 2020, amid concerns about the coronavirus pandemic, job losses and racial justice"
"Twitter looses legal protection in India"
"Climate activists get more strategic with their use of the courts - There's a growing trend of activists using lawsuits to hold governments and powerful corporations accountable for their roles in climate change."
"I graduated high school"
"New heroin treatment option yielding positive results among patients at Melbourne injecting rooms"
"Men's Health Week 2021 brings importance of social connections into focus"
"Braydon Gore faced jobless future until a local organisation helped build his confidence"
"Hyenas thrive as humans shy away"
"I don’t know where to share"
"These Brisbane sisters can sing all 195 of the world's national anthems"
https://www.yesmagazine.org/social-justice/2020/07/21/addressing-white-supremacy
"Queanbeyan charity provides a place to live for people struggling with mental illness"
"I HEARD FROM MY FRIEND"
"‘This is how it should be’: replanting the Daintree rainforest"
"Wollongong teenager performs life-saving CPR thanks to first-aid training"
"The Importance of Hope -- You don’t change the world by simply looking at it. You change it through the way you choose to live in it."
"Tattoo artist helps young Australians cover self-harm scars"
"Odisha forest department announces cash reward for rescuing gharials"
"Column: A conservative mayor heard tearful stories. It changed his mind about flying the rainbow flag [Fresno, CA mayor Jerry Dyer]"
"Bringing the Joy and Community of Gaming to Everyone - Xbox Wire"
"India’s ‘Forest Man’ Jadav Payeng is on a new mission to make Mexico greener"
"Australian scientists develop a microscope that works with 35% more clarity, raising hope for improvements in medical imaging"
"Abu Dhabi (Mid East) launches largest coral reef rehabilitation project in the region: “This will be achieved by harvesting small fragments of the various coral reef species in the emirate's waters, relocating them to the nursery and nurturing their growth until they can be re-transferred back"""
"Assam notifies Dihing Patkai as its 7th National Park"
"Dog ejected from car during Sunday crash found on sheep farm, herding sheep"
"I saved this moth’s life. Caretaking a friend’s pool, I fished this little fellow out and after A little mouth to mandible resuscitation… this little guy will live to see another evening of moth-living."
"25 Lucknow zoo animals adopted in a day on cop’s initiative"
"I passed my driving theory today, super proud, yay!"
"Elton John heard this young musician's demo CD — it was the start of an 'incredible relationship'"
"Alpha Centauri B could become clearer to us in our lifetime thanks to a recent breakthrough by researchers"
"My Grandpa Beat Cancer"
"Comcast (USA) commits to carbon neutrality in global operations by 2035 (for entire operations): ""Across our buildings, network, vehicle fleets, production studios, and theme parks, we will continue to develop and implement projects to improve energy efficiency."""
"Land grabbers can’t take refuge of law: SC orders removal of encroachment on forest land"
"During the month of May, I listened to over 700 songs that were posted to Reddit by independent musicians. Whenever I ran into one that blew me away, I added it to this database! I'd love to share it here with anyone interested."
"Apple is going to support the iphone 6s and se v1 with the latest ios version for a 7th full year: the headphone jack lives on!"
"First Cotton Candy"
"El Salvador (in Central America) becomes safer from Territorial Control Plan, there is historical reduction in crime, reducing homicide rate per 100,000 inhabitants from 103 in 2015 to currently 19 in 2021. 'San Salvador is no longer the capital of homicide.. and the country in general is safer.'"
Finally!
"Over 1000 villages now have improved access to basic sanitation in southern Madagascar"
"Boaters allegedly harassed another group over gay pride flags. Then their boat burst into flames."
"Dead Whale=Good News"
"Good news for me!"
"I’ve been a Redditor for a year now!!"
"After multiple deployments, my next duty station will be Honolulu Hawaii"
"Sheep dog's miracle return after six months lost in dense bush"
"Great to see a better reflection of society!!"
"Ex-Felon Turned Lawyer Gets Sworn In By The Judge Who Gave Him A Second Chance"
"I think the poachers will be skeptical, but this is a good step to stopping them!!"
"Erin Jackson became the first black woman to qualify for the U.S. Olympic long-track speedskating"
"Paralyzed racecar driver walks again thanks to new technology"
"Got the vaccine today"
"Today we were able to deliver much needed food supplement for over 300 children south of Fort Dauphin (Madagascar)."
"MacKenzie Scott Is Rewriting Philanthropy—And Her Life"
"Sharing Positive Good News :)"
"I **think** in am going to start a band"
"Yoga can legally be taught in Alabama public schools, after the southern state overturned a nearly 30-year ban."
"A research team trained people to use a robotic extra thumb and found they could effectively carry out dextrous tasks, like building a tower of blocks, with one hand. The researchers report that participants trained to use the thumb also increasingly felt like it was a part of their body."
"46 year old virgin male finally lost his virginity. :)"
"Yesterday makes 100 days clean of self harm! I never thought I’d see this day but here I am."
"So turns out I'm graduating (+ a vent?)"
"This American Monk Travels the world to safeguard invaluable treasure—ancient documents that tell humanity’s story"
"Welcome to the world, Omelette, Leche, Peach, Torta, and Pasta! Their mother’s name is Eggs Benedict!"
"Something great!"
"I graduated high school today!!"
"I think that I’ve finally found a girl that I want to ask out!!!"
"Remember the girl Drake gave a $50,000 scholarship to in his ""God's Plan"" music video?"
"[NFL Legends] 4x Super Bowl champ Keena Turner returned to school & finished his remaining credits to graduate from college — and he got to walk alongside his daughter "
"Montana expands prescription drug access"
"WOW, I DID A GOOD THING, Selling hats that say expensive hat on them to raise money for charity. expensivehat.com"
"I did something right."
"Ross and Liam, two British citizens, offered help to their tour guide in India, as well as his village, after learning of his unemployment due to this pandemic. They provided groceries and other essential kits to the villagers."
"I'm happy I've been focusing on my mental health for quite sometime."
"GETTING MY VACCINE TODAY!!!"
"Sixty-three schools across Anosy have now have at least one clean, hygienic toilet, an adequate water filtration system, a proper handwashing station with soap and a shower. Funded in partnership with UNICEF, a huge step forward for rural schools in the south"
"Mama dog, puppies rescued from Houston storm drain are headed to new home"
"America is finally winning its fight against the coronavirus: Almost 60% of American adults have gotten at least one shot, and roughly 45% are fully vaccinated. The next step: vaxxing the 12- to 15-year-olds."
"During The Pandemic She Whittled Away At The Isolation By, Well, Whittling"
"mRNA research and the COVID-19 vaccine may hold the key to a vaccine for HIV, Ebola, and even cancer"
"Meet America's Newest Chess Master, 10-Year-Old Tanitoluwa Adewumi"
"After a year of trying for another baby my wife is pregnant."
"I finally got my first semi-professional position"
"I’m getting the vaccine on Thursday 5/13/21 and I am so excited! Any advice before I get the vaccine?"
"Zero Covid deaths recorded yesterday for England, Scotland and NI"
"well i got good news, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3snByVaQUF0&t"
"Main mum and gorilla form maternal bond over their babies"
"Kitten abandoned in woods found by a dog and her owner"
"Documentary On an Icelandic Library"
"Anonymous donor pays for installation of solar panels on Waynesboro church"
"I built a website where you send kind words to others and get kind words sent to you. 2020 was a rough year and I hope that this can help brighten some peoples’ days ️"
"Students Reunite After Discovering They Grew Up In Chinese Orphanage Together"
"Far From The Internet, Thomas Dambo's Benevolent Trolls Lure Humans To Nature : NPR"
"MY MOM KICKED CANCER'S ASS!"
"FOSTER DAD DRIVES 1000 MILES TO SURPRISE HIS KIDS! CUTEST THING EVER!"
"Common sense is always good news"
"Florida gas prices fall to eight-week low. The average cost for a gallon of gas in the Sunshine State now stands at $2.78. 'As more and more people are getting coronavirus vaccines, economic optimism is increasing not only in Florida, but across the country.'"
"I will not go bald!"
"Los Angeles County reports no new COVID-19 deaths"
"'We are all the same' - Barcelona church opens doors to Ramadan dinners"
"We found him I just wanted to update you guys thank you so much."
"Social distancing rules to be scrapped from 21 June – but masks are here to stay"
"Albanian cares for an ill Serb in a ghost village in Kosovo"
"During the month of April, I listened to over 800 songs that were posted to Reddit by independent musicians. Whenever I ran into one that blew me away, I added it to this playlist! I'd love to share it here with anyone interested."
"Dog lost near alligator-filled Florida swamps found alive after 9 days"
"Steppe change – Kazakhstan saiga population has more than doubled in last two years | Fauna & Flora International"
"Prancer, The 'Haunted Victorian Child' Dog From Viral Ad, Has Been Adopted"
"Sixty healthy adults in Belgium and US first in the world to take new Pfizer Covid pill"
"German project helps refugees find work in Mexico"
"Good News - Violent crime has been on a steady decline in America since 1991"
"Reforestation: restoring our hope for the future of tropical forests & the environment as a whole, one tree at a time :)"
"European Union to ship 'urgently needed oxygen, medicine and equipment' to India"
"Bee population steady in Dutch cities thanks to pollinator strategy Scheme involving ‘ bee hotels’ and ‘bee stops’ reaps rewards as census shows no strong decline in urban population"
"I'm starting to realize I don't need everything they said I needed."
"A man saved his neighboring family from burning and then drove off to go to work."
"Ways you can help the AAPI Community Right Now"
"The Oxford University team behind the Astrazenica jab have just announced preliminary 77% effectiveness results for a new Malaria vaccine. Potentially amazing news"
"The wool heiress who used her $40m fortune to care for 50,000 wounded Anzacs -- Letitia Leake used $40m inheritance to help 50,000 wounded Anzacs during WWI."
"Spain to give pets same rights as humans, a breakthrough in the home of bullfighting"
"A hiker was lost and desperate. A stranger with an unusual hobby saved him."
"$10,000 Flute Left in Cab Nine Years Ago Is Finally Returned"
"Earth Day 2 Hypodermic Needles 20lbs of Garbage 1 Hour Cleaned Beach"
"WAR AVERTED Russia orders troops to withdraw from Ukraine border"
"California’s coronavirus case rate is the lowest in the continental U.S."
"I just found this at random on the interwebs - I hope it restores some faith in humanity"
"Steph and Ayesha Curry's stunning impact on Oakland kids: 16 million meals in one year"
"90 year old food vendor"
"How to live a long life"
"Dog found 9 months after going missing, reunites with owners who never gave up hope in finding him"
"Dog Rescues Another Dog From Pool. The Pomeranian Was Treading Water For 34 Minutes"
"The man who planted a forest"
"Local shoe happy"
"Local breakthrough"
"Creating a forest in a cold dry climate"
"'Two bodies, one soul': The two-of-a-kind wildlife warriors turning heads -- How identical twins Paula and Bridgette Powers save Australia's seabirds with 'Twinnies magic'"
"Saved A Dying Fish Metal Detecting"
Heartwarming
"With Earth Day right around the corner this is cool"
"LSU frat members pay off former cook’s mortgage"
"UAE selects first Arab woman for astronaut training"
"Pentagon-funded filter that removes Covid-19 from blood given emergency approval"
"When the Doctor Prescribes Poetry"
"New immune drug may be AIDS cure as HIV trial show 97 per cent success rate"
"Bhutan Vaccinates 93% Of Eligible Adults In Under 2 Weeks : Coronavirus Updates : NPR"
"'Comfort Decorating' Is All About Making Your Home A Sanctuary : Life Kit"
"More good rhino news, now from India"
"I love a happy ending!"
"Rhino population in Nepal on the rise!"
"Finally went grocery shopping!"
"A Good Deed Noticed and Rewarded"
"Tested negative for some serious diseases :)"
"My favorite bar survived the Covid Lockdown. "
"Reparations bill advances in congress"
"Fully Vaccinated!"
"It's a happy reunion. Missing dog reunited with owner after being on the run for 5 years. Thanks to the volunteer team."
"Fantastic news!"
"720k vaccine doses were administered yesterday. A new record for Germany!"
"Thanks for having a good news reddit!!! We need it more than ever before. I heard about this guy coming out of retirement after 20 years to drive so his youngest son could watch. I think this fits in with that you are doing here."
"my boyfriend proposed!"
"Tool to help you forget your worries"
"My eye is fixed"
"Khansa Maria – Visually impaired Pakistani student who has won Oxford University scholarship"
"I got my booster today"
"Cultivated Meat Projected To Be Cheaper Than Conventional Beef by 2030"
"I got my first full-time job!!"
"Sri Lanka bans palm oil imports, tells producers to uproot plantations"
"My crush confessed to me"
"Leeds Student builds DIY bin bag dispenser to help tackle park litter"
"Inside stories"
"We're buying a home!"
"We found a baby on the subway - now he’s our son"
"Four-year-old girl with autism missing in outback Australia found safe"
"Endangered North Atlantic right whales produce most calves since 2015."
"Community rejoices after missing Australian girl found in desert sitting with her puppy"
"Making good use of nuclear waste"
"Thanks to a post in a city Facebook group, I’m buying a house!"
"Four baby Galapagos turtles hatched at Aukland Zoo"
"First Nations TTRPG Kickstarter"
"During the month of March, I listened to over 800 songs that were posted to Reddit by independent musicians. Whenever I ran into one that blew me away, I added it to this playlist! I'd love to share it here with anyone interested."
"US Department of Energy Announces Goal to Cut Solar Costs by More than Half by 2030. Solar 'by 2035 could represent between 30% and 50% of electricity supply in a decarbonized electricity sector. '"
"Charleston City, partners start African American Cemetery Restoration Project"
"First I.T. Job!"
"My husband is getting his vaccine"
"That's important"
"How Food Banks Succeeded and What They Need Now"
"Can't post this in Nohagettheboat cuz I don't have enough karma ;-;"
"Biden DOE cancels student debt for borrowers with disabilities"
"That's important"
"I saved my neighbors this afternoon from a fire"
"Electric Cars Powered by Tidal Energy Are Driving Scotland Toward Net Zero Emissions"
"I've finally become a master's degree holder!"
"A California homeless shelter will be named after 'Jeopardy!' host Alex Trebek"
"5,000 people participated in a concert in Spain to test post-pandemic events"
"Florida expands vaccine access to 40 and over starting Monday, all adults 18 and over will qualify on April 5.. 1,600 pharmacies will offer vaccines, 400 new Walgreens offering the shot."
"How wonderfully progressive of Baltimore!"
"I just got accepted into my dream school"
"Good news update: Stray Dog Who Kept Stealing Stuffed Unicorn Finds New Home With His Beloved Toy"
"It’s my 19th birthday and I’m having the best day I’ve had in a long time."
"A stray dog kept stealing a stuffed unicorn from a Dollar General, so animal control bought it for him"
"Dad recreates 'Up' House for son's cubby."
"Landmark brain cancer vaccine passes first phase of human trials"
"Today we have reached half a billion doses administered of the Covid Vaccine!!"
"When a 79 year old nurse's home was set on fire, people from all over the world joined forces to help her."
"I just got my first full time job!"
"Serious Reforestation Concept Gets More and More Traction"
"Life after destruction"
"They Just Wanted Their Couches. An Accidental Reply-All Email Storm Followed."
"We hit over 10,000 free volunteer tutor hours for under-resourced youth!"
"Dog rescued by Pennsylvania first responders after being stuck for nearly 20 hours. This is a good news story. Thanks to the firefighters and the police officer involved in the rescue."
"My moms first sentence using her new device. She’s fighting #als & w/this new eye tracking #tech she’s able to communicate again. She’s the first NM #veteran to use it!"
"Virginia Governor Signs Law Abolishing The Death Penalty, A 1st In The South"
"Asian Grandmother Who Smacked Her Attacker With A Board Donates Nearly $1 Million. ""She insists on making this decision saying this issue is bigger than Her,"" Chen wrote on fundraising site GoFundMe."
"Alan Turing, the brilliant code breaker who was persecuted for being gay and committed suicide, is finaly being honoured by being put on the new UK £50 note!"
"I just got accepted into my masters degree!"
"Birthday community party!"
"Cruise Lines Ready to Sail Again in the USA: 'CLIA, which represents 95% of global ocean-going cruise capacity, today called on the CDC to lift the Framework for CSO and allow for the planning of a phased resumption of cruise operations from U.S. ports by the beginning of July.'"
"My name is no longer on the list of presenters for the daily morning meeting at work!!"
"Good news! Loosing weigh. And got in a 1/2 mile long walk today"
"Not far from the parties in Miami Beach, a different scene unfolds: Staying up all night to feed the hungry"
"Local non-profit organization gives a custom guitar to autistic kid."
"I published three children’s books this week! After a lifetime of writing, my kids sat in my lap and read my actual books with me last night. Such an amazing feeling! Link to site in comments"
"Good News! Awesome Indie Short film "
"70 years after big cat’s extinction, India prepares to welcome cheetahs from Africa"
"He was 4 months behind on his rent. Why his landlord never mentioned eviction"
"Biden says goal of 100m shots in 100 days will be met on Friday, 42 days early"
"Asia’s Longest-Missing Bird Seen for the First Time in 170 Years in Indonesia  "
"I have a job interview today!"
"I’m going to bed with a smile on my face for the first time in a couple years."
"Today I had my first YouTube review for my book!"
"I GOT ACCEPTED INTO AN IVY LEAGUE MASTER'S PROGRAM!"
"Faith in humanity restored"
"This is LIFE-CHANGING for people who are houseless!! :)"
"During the month of February, I listened to over 1,000 songs that were posted to Reddit by independent musicians. Whenever I ran into one that blew me away, I added it to this playlist! I'd love to share it here with anyone interested."
"The Purposeful Beauty of India's 'Saree Libraries'"
"Teacher left homeless by pandemic gets help after former student recognizes him on street"
"$95K raised for assaulted Uber Driver!"
"University acceptance!!"
"We got our ultrasound today."
"Yale Scientists Successfully Repair Injured Spinal Cords Using Patients’ Own Stem Cells"
"I enter the next phase of my life today!"
"WSB Saving Gorillas!"
"35 years ago, boaters saved girl, 9, after her entire family died at sea; now, they meet again"
"I'm an independent artist/playlist curator and I listened to over 750 independent unsigned artists' submissions and added the best to my range of Spotify playlists below. Posting here for anyone who's interested in some totally fresh music away from mainstream stuff and a wide range of genres"
"New Mexico dog found in Texas four years after it went missing"
"My cat who ran away four days ago came back!"
"5 years after his custom guitar was stolen in Pa., Ted Nugent’s bassist gets it back"
"Foster Son Surprise Bedroom Makeover. This dad is just amazing!"
"LA opens its first tiny home village to ease homeless crisis"
"Why we all need more good news in our lives - One man's mission to bring more positive news to the world."
"The economic benefits of conserving or restoring natural sites now “outweigh” the profit potential of converting them for intensive human use. This is according to researchers behind the largest-ever study comparing the value of protecting nature at particular locations with that of exploiting it."
"Pls spread this news. Found this post by u/Potatochip-69"
"Had an interview today and got the job!!"
"[Maiocco] #49ers WR Kendrick Bourne and his Bourne Blessed Foundation teamed up with ServiceNow to provide Mac OS laptops to OK Program, a youth organization, to benefit 20 college-bound high school seniors. Bourne will distribute the computers Thursday at West Oakland Youth Center. Bravo!"
"New Partnership Makes World's Longest Hiking Trail More Accessible"
"NHL star's mom donates kidney to arena manager who let her boys skate extra hours | CBC News"
"6 years ago‐ Day of Days"
"Friends find out they're biological sisters years after they met working at the same restaurant"
"Taking a huge step in my life"
"A California Experiment Gave People $500 A Month For Two Years. Here's What Happened."
"Thai sailors rescue abandoned cats from a burning, sinking ship"
"Czech city turns a beer tram into a mobile COVID-19 testing center"
"Owner of Pilot Pete's Coffee Has Collected 6,000 Warm Coats for the Homeless–And Delivered Them Personally With Coffee"
"Man creates petition to use new A.I. technology to stop online animal abuse."
"L.A. Unified experiments with new tutoring program during pandemic"
"News app with only good news"
"I have an amazing, feel good video to share!"
"The project to save Alaskan towns and businesses during covid."
"About to sign a lease after apartment hunting for more than 6 months!!!"
"I ""Graduated"" from Intense Mental Health Therapy after 27 Years today!"
"I got decent internet after living with less than 1mbps for 7 years!!"
"Just joined to say my Aunt beat cancer :)"
"Kittens cared for at my job"
"Badly burned New Orleans dog will make history as first to receive groundbreaking skin treatment."
"I'm just a guy who loves music and wanted to share my chillwave playlist I use when I need to take a breather from life, helps me to connect with what makes life so great and worth living. I hope you all enjoy and always love to hear feedback/song suggestions and just other music w/ the good vibes!"
"Facebook group that helps N.J. residents find COVID vaccine appointments surpasses 65K members"
"A 14-year-old Chicago kid has connected more than 100 people to COVID-19 vaccines. ‘It’s completely beautiful.’"
"A Video That's Good for the Soul -- New York Youtuber decided to go to his five favorite Chinese food places in Manhattan’s Chinatown and give them $1000 each to thank them for their hard work and for the New Year."
"After a visitor cat scared Hope and Joy, I’m proud to say they’re friends again!"
"Cat Invades Market, Tries To Steal Cat Food But Ends Up Sleeping"
Congrats!!
"Australian dentist gifts koala new prosthetic foot | DW | 22.02.2021"
"Dutch inventor finds cheap way of combating malaria by 'thinking like mosquito'"
"My puppy from the previous post - as requested!"
"My dog finally licked me!"
"During the month of January, I listened to over 800 songs that were posted to Reddit by independent musicians. Whenever I ran into one that blew me away, I added it to this playlist! I'd love to share it here with anyone interested."
"This beautiful boy got me through numerous chemical pregnancies, three miscarriages and the subsequent infertility diagnosis. It felt only right to include him in our announcement of a pregnancy reaching 16 weeks and now miraculously being determined low risk!"
"Polish firms retain or raise workers’ wages during pandemic, study finds"
"Person that owns a 3D-printer sends brailled dice to a school for blind children so that they can play Dungeons and Dragons"
"Gov. Phil Murphy signed three bills that together launch a marijuana industry in New Jersey and put an end to thousands of arrests. 'Murphy said the legal marijuana marketplace would begin forming in the coming months. He will still have to fully seat the Cannabis Regulatory Commission to oversee..'"
"Dogs synchronize their behavior with children in their family, but not as much as they do with adults, finds a new study. Dogs can help children in many ways, including with social development, increasing physical activity, managing anxiety or as a source of attachment."
"Everything is finally thawing out! I hope everyone is doing well and enjoying the sun shine!! Here is some fun new and facts I hope brighten your day a little bit."
"Yale scientists repair injured spinal cord using patients’ own stem cells: For more than half of the patients, substantial improvements, such as ability to walk, or to use their hands, were observed within weeks of stem cell injection. No substantial side effects were reported."
"Planetary international reports a increase in Whale numbers in the Atlantic for the first time since the 20th century."
"Hey I just got the second shot of the Pfizer vaccine!"
"Kenyan Engineer Recycles Plastic Into Bricks Stronger Than Concrete"
"Over 200 million people have already received the covid vaccine!"
"I've made three very cool Spotify playlists with different genres/topics. Please suggest your original tracks and follow, i'd love to feature your tracks if they fit into the category ! Thanks a lot"
"A Texas grocery store lost power and let people leave without paying. Shoppers paid it forward."
"Blowing up: Local artist goes viral for balloon-letter memes"
"News to help keep that anxiety at bay. I hope everyone is staying safe and staying warm!"
"I severely hurt someone that I cared about, thought I lost them forever, and I was so alone and filled with guilt, but now, a few days later, we made up and are friends again :)"
"Welcome, Elizabeth Ann! The first cloned black-footed ferret and first-ever cloned U.S. endangered species. She was created from the frozen cells of “Willa,” a black-footed ferret that lived more than 30 years ago."
"Pfizer Vaccine Is Highly Effective After One Dose and Can Be Stored in Normal Freezers, Data Shows"
"Meet Elizabeth Ann, the First U.S. Endangered Species to Be Cloned"
"Things continue to improve"
"Hope Springs Eternal: Wiltshire town spreads joy through decorations"
"I'm an independent artist/playlist curator and I listened to 600 independent unsigned artists' submissions and added the best to my range of Spotify playlists below. Posting here for anyone who's interested in some totally fresh music away from mainstream stuff"
"ITI Issues Support & Recommendations for EU-U.S. Trade & Tech Council: “We believe that by prioritizing openness, shared economic objectives, and market-driven global competitiveness, the US and EU can chart a path for sustainable, values-driven global leadership in the digital-driven 21st century"""
"Man who spent 30 years in prison graduates with honors from Cal State Long Beach"
"A happy update on a formerly homeless man who asked strangers to take care of his corgi"
"Former Miss Navajo spends curfew making recipe videos: Dr. Jennifer Jackson-Wheeler is a former Miss Navajo, an associate professor, grandmother and a lover of cooking. She has combined all these attributes into making short cooking videos in Navajo and posting them"
"A Sculptor and Former Special Effects Artist Is Paving the Way in Prosthetics for Darker Skin Tones"
"Stray dog steals show after interrupting performance to comfort an actor pretending injury"
"Farmworker turned astronaut Jose Hernandez urges kids not to give up"
"I hope everyone is staying warm! In my state we just had an ice storm and are now going through a snow storm! I hope you guys enjoy the video!"
"The Pandemic Pushed This Farmer Into Deep Poverty. Then Something Amazing Happened"
"My Youtube Recommendations"
"Even at 50 ( almost) highschool drop out makes the college Speech and Debate Team. You're never too late to get started ( or start again)"
"Extinct Tree Grows Anew From Ancient Jar of Seeds Unearthed by Archaeologists"
"Hoping to make some people smile!"
"Scientists fighting to save northern white rhinos have produced 2 embryos A huge win for wildlife."
"More news that isnt politics or super anxiety inducing."
"Up in smoke! Poland has second biggest decline in smokers in EU"
"Make music not war: Serbian sculptor turns old weapons into musical instruments"
"Shell says its oil production has peaked and will fall every year"
"How a Brooklyn Coalition Is Fighting Isolation in Seniors with Low-Tech Conference Calls"
"A $25k tesla coming soon!"
"Stephen King helps kids publish pandemic-inspired book"
"Koala rescued after 5-car pileup on Australian freeway: A koala has been rescued after causing a five-car pileup while trying to cross a six-lane freeway in southern Australia."
"Peter and Newly Adopted Son Have Just Taken in A Foster Teen And Now They’re Sharing Affirmations For All Races"
"Some fun news."
"She was a tiny sick little bottle orphan. Now, at 10 months, she’s a healthy princess and the sweetest cuddle baby ️"
"Yay!! Congrats mama cat!!"
"WE SAVED THE GAME! so about a year ago this game shut down it just became popular again, and people wanted to play it but it wasn’t available. but we saved it, and now it’ll be back in the app store soon! :D"
Money!
"A fun survey was done by Save The Children.."
"News that doesn't involve politics or the world crumbling!"
"Today, a man who made many people's childhoods hit 10 million youtube subscribers. Very awesome"
"Prague people cross-country skiing on Charles Bridge as the city gets covered in snow"
"How Scientists Shot Down Cancer’s ‘Death Star’"
"News thats not depressing."
"'MORE GOOD NEWS FROM AROUND THE WORLD!' - a part 2 for a video I made a while ago. I made this video in the hopes it will lighten everyone's mood and show everyone that it hasn't been all bad news. Here's a chill out video which should also be relaxing."
"A wonderful baby boom!"
"At 104 years old: Elderly man presented his doctoral thesis and solved a two-millennium-old enigma"
"Just some really good news"
"Doctors hail first face and double hand transplant"
"Chicago USPS mail carrier helped rescue 89-year-old woman who fell and couldn’t get up"
"#Shorts Positive News Stories of the Day"
"‘Meditating’ cat offers Zen-like support to kids affected by domestic violence"
"I GOT IN TO GRAD SCHOOL"
"I'm moving in with my boyfriend!"
"Israel and Kosovo establish diplomatic relations in virtual ceremony"
"High schoolers create a Minecraft replica of their school to meet up during lockdown"
"Rhino poaching in South Africa falls during Covid-19 lockdown"
"February 1, 2021 marks 10 years since my last cigarette"
"Hey I just got the first shot of the Phizer Coronavirus Vaccine!"
"I just won £85 on a works draw!"
"High school principal works night shift at Walmart, donates paycheck to students in need"
"Got a call back"
"GameStop is the way. Hold!"
"If only we all good enjoy a such a smart rule of law based on sensibility and not sensationalism and madness"
"CVS has begun offering in-store COVID-19 vaccinations in New York and other states — as the drugstore chain ramps up plans to administer millions of shots a month."
"Foster dad designs hospital gowns for seriously ill kids"
Finally
"The African student lost his family and became a beggar: in Russia, they raised money to pay for his education in 24 hours"
"SJ Res 3 Term Limits amendment introduced by US Congress, A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to limiting the number of terms that a Member of Congress may serve, 3 terms for Rep, 2 terms for Senate."
"Canadian lawmakers just voted unanimously to call on the government to declare the Proud Boys a terrorist group. The vote passed unanimously, without a single dissent. This was the historic moment."
"Getting corrective jaw surgery!"
"Been brave and in my healthiest relationship!"
"A hopeful relationship"
"Servers say Darius Rucker paid for diners' meals, left tips at Mount Pleasant IHOP"
"Friend gave his honest opinions of me to someone really close to me!"
"My cats seemed happy last night."
"Pizza Hut deliveryman gets new car as tip"
"France performs first double arm and shoulder transplant"
"Meet the 8-year-old who opened a food pantry and was featured in Biden's inauguration"
"Salvation Army, José Andrés are feeding the National Guard in DC for inauguration"
"Lloyd Austin to be first black Defense Secretary"
"Seesaw installation at US-Mexico border wins Design of the Year award"
"My lonely old cat is getting his own kitten"
"After her shift working the frontlines, Resident doctor feeds food insecure seniors and children affected by the pandemic."
"Single Foster Dad & Son Design Comforting Gowns For Kids In The Hospital"
"Good News: Texas detective (Josh Smith) gifts new bike to boy (Nick) after his was destroyed by case subject."
"My Friend and Mentor is Amazing"
"Vegan restaurant becomes first of its kind to earn Michelin star in France"
"Called Chewy to finally get around to return dog food not needed since our old girl passed. They refunded, asked me to donate the food to a shelter, then these arrived with a personal note. ️️️"
"This is small, but all my friends are overjoyed. New Covid cases are sharply falling in the U.K."
"This is great news :)"
"Artist supports businesses and donates profits of Henry Cavill colouring book to the NHS"
"I Asked For An Angel..."
"Don't know if this is real, but signal boosting in case it is"
"Confronting a Manipulative Person"
"Life is starting to look better"
"Off-duty cops who participated in Capitol riot are being handed over to the FBI by fellow officers"
"I'm finally my portfolio!"
"Life is improving at an alarming rate for me."
"Carmine is on it!"
"An abused boy is saved by a note from a waitress - CNN Video"
"My grandma wrote a love song during WWII. After 79 years, it’s finally been recorded!"
"My wife just told me she is pregnant."
"US FAA Adopts Stricter Unruly Passenger Policy (for air flights): 'Passengers who interfere with, physically assault, or threaten to physically assault aircraft crew or anyone else on an aircraft face stiff penalties, including fines of up to $35,000 and imprisonment. effect through March 30, 2021.'"
"Missing cat turns up 3 years after California disaster"
"California City Ends Its Chronic Homelessness"
"Endangered Indian rhinoceros baby is born in zoo in Poland"
"More than 410 people across 32 states have pledged to donate their stimulus check — a total of more than $257,996"
"U.S. Department of Transportation Awards $40 Million in Grants to Improve Safety at Highway-Railway Crossings in Five States. “These grants can help states save the lives of motorists and pedestrians at these crossings.”"
"The wonderful Betty White is still with us, and celebrates her 99th birthday Jan. 17th"
"Brilliant Idea :)"
"After horrifying day, lone congressman quietly picks up garbage in the Capitol Rotunda"
"The UK’s woodlands now cover as much of the country as they did during the Middle Ages, thanks to 20th-century forestry and rewilding practices."
"2 Customers turned my day from terrible to amazing"
"Grandma who survived COVID-19 after ICU stay delivers 800 handmade tamales to Cedars-Sinai workers"
"Alula, a platform for cancer caregivers, patients and survivors, raises $2.2 million"
"United States SBA Launches Largest Expansion of Women’s Business Centers in 30 Years, adds 20 new WBCs. ""The WBCs will be hosted in rural and underserved markets and widen the footprint and partnership with Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs)."""
"TikTok Users Rally to Help Elite Athlete with Parkinson’s: They’re building a pill bottle that’s easier to use with shaky hands."
"President (of the United States) signs into law Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act. “This new law will protect, restore and strengthen both the ecology and the economy of the Great Lakes for years to come.”"
"Researchers in Japan have made the first observations of biological magnetoreception – live, unaltered cells responding to a magnetic field in real time. This discovery is a crucial step in understanding how animals from birds to butterflies navigate using Earth’s magnetic field."
"I make art to help fund programs inside youth prisons!! I want to turn it into a social enterprise one day."
"Germany Commits To 65% Renewable Power By 2030 in enacted renewable energy law"
"NASA and FAA sign new MOU reaffirming the agencies’ longstanding relationship to foster robust American commercial space transportation capabilities, including commercial crew and cargo activities. "".. soon we will send more people and science to space on new suborbital flights,” said NASA Admin."
"Teen encourages younger readers with book donations. ""I just distributed 2,000 books to students,"" said Alana Weisberg, founder of Bookworm Global. ""I love reading and I really wanted kids to be able to have the same love of reading that I have."""
"Great-grandmother earns college degree at 90 years old"
"Twitter permanently suspends Donald Trump"
"A Connecticut teen saves the lives of a mom and three children by pulling them from a burning car"
"Pfizer study suggests vaccine works against virus variant"
"Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and the United Arab Emirates have agreed to restore ties with Qatar, ending a blockade that has been in place for more than three years. 'Saudi foreign minister Prince Faisal bin Farhan told reporters that the countries had agreed to “fully set our differences aside.”"
"2 Billion People don't have toilets - This man is changing that"
"The U.S. Is Building a Bike Trail That Runs Coast-to-Coast Across 12 States"
"Distillers won’t actually have to pay FDA thousands of dollars for making hand sanitizer"
"Congress Approves Smithsonian Museums Honoring Women and Latino Americans"
"US EPA creates rule which establishes how EPA will consider the availability of dose-response data underlying pivotal science used in its significant regulatory actions and influential scientific information. 'Strengthening Transparency in Pivotal Science Underlying Significant Regulatory Actions'"
"Books to be given out to isolated people in Doncaster to help them through the Christmas period"
"Deforestation dropped by 18 percent in two years in African countries where organizations subscribed to receive warnings from a new service using satellites to detect decreases in forest cover in the tropics. The carbon emissions avoided were worth between $149 million and $696 million"
"F***ing, Austria censored its name"
"Restaurant run entirely by employees with disabilities"
"Nashville musician reunited with cat after losing everything in bombing"
"Second Taiwan-Born Panda Cub Makes Media Debut"
"Ex-serviceman in Chandigarh, India has been looking after dozens of stray dogs for past 20 years."
"Moscow Metro giving shelter pets a new lease on life"
"Circa 500,000 Marijuana Arrest Records Expunged"
"A police officer paid for a family's Christmas groceries instead of charging two women with shoplifting"
"'Hold my beer': Australian surfer Mikey Wright charges into Hawaii surf to rescue struggling swimmer"
"Doctor erases cancer patients' medical debt totaling $650,000"
"Pakistani-American doctor clears $650,000 of cancer patients’ debt as ""Christmas Gift"""
"Union Bridge animal rescue volunteer adopts double amputee dog, writes children’s book teaching acceptance"
"Medicine with a heart"
"Top positive environmental stories from 2020"
"Watch: Michigan zoo seeks Christmas tree donations for goat food"
"Baby giraffe born at World WIldlife Zoo"
"U.S. House of Representatives approves bipartisan bill to help end veterans’ homelessness as part of a larger veteran benefits improvements package that is heading to the president’s desk to be signed into law."
"Injured cat&#x27;s rescue inspires generosity during Christmas season"
"The last known male giant Swinhoe’s softshell turtle is no longer alone on the planet after the discovery of a female of his species in Vietnam. The female 86kg (13 stone) turtle was found in Dong Mo lake, in Hanoi’s Son Tay district, and captured for genetic testing in October."
"During the month of December, I listened to over 1,000 songs that were posted to Reddit by independent musicians. Whenever I ran into one that blew me away, I added it to this playlist! I'd love to share it here with anyone interested."
"PLASTIC BAG BAN BEGINS IN DELAWARE ON NEW YEAR'S DAY"
"GLOBAL CELEBRATION FOR ALL HUMANS | ANNE SMITH"
"Tough year over"
"Pratima Devi, the dog lady of Delhi, despite her poverty, feeds over 400 stray dogs in Delhi. She was awarded the Godfrey Philips Bravery Award in the year 2009 for her ‘social bravery’. She has indeed proven that one isn’t limited by resources to be kind."
"Sir Anthony Hopkins is Celbrating 45 Years of Sobriety!"
"First female head coach in NBA (and US major sports?)"
"What A Solar-Powered, Portable Library Looks Like"
"70-Year-Old Taco Bell Employee Gets $6,000 Tip - Feel Good News | Totally 93.9 Miami | Mack In The Morning w/ Letty B"
"$119 million in Healthy Marriage and Responsible Fatherhood grants awarded by HHS’ Administration for Children and Families. “These projects will continue our efforts to strengthen marriage for those who choose it for themselves, support fathers dedicated to the health and well-being of their child"""
"BERNIE SANDERS will force vote on the $2K checks"
"Good things happened to people in 2020. Here are their stories."
"Vandalized Banksy graffiti painting in New Orleans is restored by fast-acting artists"
"New Zealand village turns off street lights to stop birds crash-landing on to roads"
"Good News! Honeybee venom rapidly kills aggressive breast cancer cells and when the venom's main component is combined with existing chemotherapy drugs, it is extremely efficient at reducing tumour growth in mice"
"Staten Island NYC Stay Classy Less Trashy Father & Daughter Volunteering"
"Cyber Florida and New America Launch New Partnership to Improve “Cyber Citizenship” Skills for K-12 Students. ""This partnership will help young people learn how to be responsible ‘cyber citizens’ as they participate in digital democracy.”"
"So heartwarming! This family is bringing joy kids in the hospital in a unique way."
"Weis Markets donates 10,000 gallons of milk"
"US Congress passes US-Mexico Economic Partnership Act, 'H.R. 133, is designed to bolster professional development and economic growth in both the U.S. and Mexico, with a focus on the energy, health, entrepreneurship, and education sectors.'"
"As a nurse who works with COVID patients, I am the greatest threat to my family. Today I’m removing that threat."
"Just got my COVID vaccine and I was so excited I cried!"
"Man risks life to save animals from a fire at a shelter"
"well preserved dinosaur mummy in canada!"
"Huge roundup of good stories and trends from 2020, incl. increased environmental protection of the ocean, drops in stunting in Senegal, falling fertility rates in poor countries, drug legalization in the US and Argentina, and increased electricity access in Africa."
"Dad Travels World As Bone Marrow Courier ""Cancer Doesn’t Stop Because COVID Is Here"""
"Dad making a difference without saying a word"
"This Dad-son duo is doing amazing work for other kids!"
"After months of isolation, a ‘hug room’ lets Italian nursing home residents touch family for the first time"
"Adventurous teddy bear brings joy, whimsy to Ann Arbor neighborhood amid pandemic"
"Good news, it's Friday! What's your feel-good story for the week? (December 25, 2020)"
"My son got a a job!"
"Boats, planes, helicopters: Canada gears up to vaccinate remote indigenous communities"
"Germans spread Christmas charity despite coronavirus: Germany has experienced second wave of COVID-19 with Christmas approaching, but it doesn’t seem to be diminishing people’s willingness to donate to charity. In 2020 private donations set to reach record levels."
"'Good signs': Little penguin burrows found for first time in seven years on West Island"
"U/daithi1986 just got date for Covid-19 Vaccination."
"Breast cancer vaccine clinical trials coming next year!"
"Sikh community prepare hot meals for stranded lorry drivers on UK’s M20 motorway due the France border closure."
"Yay Salmon!"
"I am so lucky"
"In Pics: Burger King Invites Local Eateries To Advertise On Its Insta For Free"
"Yay whales!"
"Homeless man helps save animals from fire at Atlanta rescue facility"
"The West's largest coal plant's smokestacks [were blown] up Friday"
"Journalists are STILL all over Prince Andrew and his lies"
"A customer at an Ohio restaurant left a $5,600 tip to split among the entire staff for Christmas"
"A New Congressional Budget Office Study Shows That Medicare for All Would Save Hundreds of Billions of Dollars Annually"
"Mongolia out here showing other countries how it's done."
"This looks like plastic, feels like plastic, but it isn't. This biodegradable bioplastic (Sonali Bag) is made from a plant named jute. And invented by a Bangladeshi scientist Mubarak Ahmed Khan. This invention can solve the Global Plastic Pollution problem."
"Laid off Ad exec blowing snow for Seniors free of charge"
"A lonely 4-year-old girl in California started a 'magic' fairy garden. Then came the first note from Sapphire."
"More than 225 Portlanders helped remove over 3,100 pounds of trash from downtown Portland this morning. This photo was taken from under the Hawthorne Bridge after cleaning up Tom McCall Waterfront Park."
"Got a new job! Start in the new year"
"Out of E.D recovery and feeling pretty - going on Estrogen next year!!"
"Domino’s Pizza announces $1,200 holiday bonus to each of its frontline workers"
"4-year-old Indian girl lives after great-granny donates kidney"
"Good news, it's Friday! What's your feel-good story for the week? (December 18, 2020)"
"MacKenzie Scott Has Donated More Than $4 Billion In Last 4 Months"
"After 4 months hospitalized for multiple strokes, my mom is set to come home 2 days before Christmas."
"JP Morgan Chase launches banking bootcamp for women of color entrepreneurs to establish strong business banking relationships and expand their access to capital. 'research has shown that most investors have different standards for women of color when evaluating their funding eligibility.'"
"Des Moines Church’s Incredible Gift to Iowans: Complete Payment of $5 Million of Medical Debt"
"I’m going to visit my old bully’s grave and tell him I forgive him."
"Doesn't look like much, but to me it looks like being able to see my father's face again in person!"
"Bipartisan deal on surprise medical billing legislation (In US) HR3630 is reached. “Under this agreement, the days of patients receiving devastating surprise out-of-network medical bills will be over,”"
"This heroic dad got a tattoo of his son’s birthmark to make him feel less alone (NowThisNews)"
"A 107-year-old Minnesota woman beats Covid-19"
"1st Snow day 2020"
"Egyptian Dr. Mashaly’s clinic for the poor reopens"
"Finally, a break!"
"Virginia is putting mental health advocacy above law enforcement in responses to emotionally-charged emergencies and crises"
"I thought my Reddit friend, who shall remain unnamed, had killed themself but I just got a message from them and they are okay. :) they’re a really great person and I’m glad to know that they’re alive"
"They turned their van into a ‘mobile dining room’ to help support restaurants and bars"
"UK drops abstinence period on gay men donating blood - Gay and bisexual men had long faced restrictions when donating blood due to HIV fears. The new rules will allow men in long-term relationships to donate without a celibacy period."
"First Covid-19 Vaccine Given to U.S. Public"
"Bipartisan group of lawmakers readies two stimulus bills in effort to secure deal"
"LG announced that it is developing an autonomous robot that will use ultraviolet (UV-C) light to disinfect high-touch, high-traffic areas. ""We hope LG's first UV disseminating robot will give our customers, and in their customers, peace of mind,"" explained Kosla, VP of LG Business Solutions USA"
"Yazoo City teen creates hugging booths allowing families to hug their loved ones safely"
"Trying to dedicate my days to help people I don't know. A woman I have never met reached out to me to let me know that a 83year old woman has a bucket list for her birthday to ride in a rolls Royce. She was very sweet and we went for a long drive.."
"Associated Press: Japanese Lawmakers Call for International Agreement to Prohibit the Eating of Dogs and Cats, promoted by the World Dog Alliance. ""this agreement will send a message to all countries that dogs and cats should not be eaten and that we must put a stop to such acts of barbarism."""
"Darrion Cockrell, Ex Gang Member, Is Missouri Teacher of the Year"
"Fifth Third Bank US to put $2.8 bill toward initiative to accelerate racial equity and inclusion in communities it serves, with 'comprehensive neighborhood revitalization to help improve outcomes and quality-of-life indicators for communities of color that have experienced decades of disinvestment'"
"Not a Single Major US Bank Is Now Willing to Finance Arctic Drilling"
"This Herb Could be the Answer to Psoriasis Troubles"
"Northern California Esselen tribe regains ancestral land after 250 years | US news"
"Almost 1 billion vaccines secured for low, middle-income countries"
"How a tiny worm is helping to find a cure for an extremely rare form of cancer"
"Hope and peace: Bison return to the Rosebud reservation"
"The Husband-and-Wife Team Behind the Leading Vaccine to Solve Covid-19: The German company BioNTech, founded by two scientists, has teamed up with Pfizer on a vaccine that was found to be more than 90 percent effective."
"Wildflower meadows to line England's new roads in boost for biodiversity | Wildlife"
"In spite of a difficult semester, I got some pretty good grades :)"
"Inside the ambitious push to protect a third of the worldâs ocean"
"LKAB invests up to €39bn in massive transformation for carbon-free future"
"In a world first, cultured chicken meat approved for sale in Singapore"
"7 wins that gave us hope for the environment in 2020"
"10 good-news stories for wildlife in 2020"
"House approves Fitzpatrick’s Combat Online Predators Act (Goes to President), will authorize longer federal jail sentences for criminals who prey on and stalk children. “Our family is so glad the Combat Online Predators Act has made it through Congress,” Erin and Tony Zezzo said in a statement."
"We made a podcast for weekly good news stories (and ways we can all make a difference)! And Episode 1 shares the story of a man, Terence Lester, building and distributing hand washing stations for people experiencing homelessness all over the world during COVID. He's so inspiring."
"Coronavirus live updates: FDA authorizes Pfizer-BioNTech coronavirus vaccine, first approved in U.S."
"World carbon dioxide emissions drop 7% in pandemic-hit 2020"
"""That's the magic of it."" Author talks about the growing audience for diverse children's books"
"Margaret Keenan, a 90 year old grandmother, was the first person in the UK to receive the Pfizer & BioNTech coronavirus vaccine on December 8th."
"Good news, it's Friday! What's your feel-good story for the week? (December 11, 2020)"
"I became a Grandfather today at 39!"
"Former gang member is named Missouri's Teacher of the Year"
"Little pygmy possum found on Australian island for first time since fires"
"Europe's SPAR, leading international food retailer with over 13k stores worldwide, has announced a global partnership to tackle food waste with Too Good To Go. 'aims to help reduce food waste by allowing shoppers to order food from SPAR supermarkets at a reduced cost that would otherwise be wasted.'"
"Over 900 cars paid for each other's meals at a Dairy Queen drive-thru in Minnesota"
"A major step towards combating the global pandemic."
"Nielsen Sets Timeline for Big Change in TV Ratings, it would replace its current TV ratings system by 2024 with a metric that incorporates digital viewing including streaming TV as well as the current traditional audiences, a shift that could transform how TV and digital video ads are bought.."
"Sexual Harassment Has Virtually Vanished from These Farms"
"U.S. Senate Passes Bill To Install Loveland Suffrage Sculpture In Washington (DC). The sculpture celebrates the pioneers of the women’s suffrage movement, 'The bill now heads to the president’s desk to be signed into law. Pres. Donald Trump has said that he will sign it.'"
"This Writer Began a Pen Pal Project in the Pandemic, Now 7,000 Are Bringing Joy to Strangers With Letters"
"Such a beautiful community"
"Indigenous Woman Wins Goldman Environmental Prize for Protecting 500000 Acres of Amazon … – Amazon News"
"A million reasons to stay alive"
Awesome
"'Hug bubble' safely connects care home residents to their families in France by Guardian News"
"Iowa boy selling baseball bats from fallen trees to help storm victims"
"Another step towards healing letal genetic diseases! Go CRISPR!"
"The Boot Room Offers Free Sports Boots To Underprivileged Kids"
"When everything going on"
"My 6yr old has been helping the less fortunate in our community"
"Southwest Airlines Employee Gifts Kids With Toys During Holiday Season"
"Texas High School Opens Grocery Store That Accepts Good Deeds as Payment"
"Pop-up bookstore at Military Circle Mall to give out free books for the holidays"
"Look for the helpers -- Ariz. Cop Adopts 4-Year-Old He Saved From Abuse While on Duty"
"Indian Teacher won a million for promoting girls education, shares half with the finalist"
"My grandma beat her cancer!"
"My Dad made it!"
"'Dear Santa' documentary reveals his secret helpers: Postal workers who make sure kids' letters to Santa get answered with gifts"
"What's new, content creators? (December 2020)"
"Student Creates Solar Panels Made From Food Waste That Can Produce Energy Even on Cloudy Days"
"Kosovo ethnic divide eases as Muslim cares for elderly Serb"
"3D Printing Ceramic Helps Repair Coral Reefs"
"Indian teacher Ranjitsinh Disale wins $1 million global prize, shares half with other finalists"
"Presidents Obama, Bush and Clinton offer to publicly get vaccinated to demonstrate safety."
"I might get a better job"
"Good news, it's Friday! What's your feel-good story for the week? (December 04, 2020)"
"Teen gifts PlayStation 5 to neighbor who recently underwent cancer surgery"
"Thief Returns Stolen Handmade Character To Popular Abington Holiday Display"
"It's About Time!"
"How this rapper quit his music career to start a cat rescue"
"During the month of November, I listened to over 1,000 songs that were posted to Reddit by independent musicians. Whenever I ran into one that blew me away, I added it to this playlist! I'd love to share it here with anyone interested."
"Climate change: Temperature analysis shows UN goals 'within reach'."
"Elliot Page, 'Juno' star, shares gender identity and I could not be happier!"
"I just got a great job!!!! I was laid off from 2 jobs for 2 months practically begging anyone to hire me and I finally did it thank you for any support I don’t have a lot of family to tell and I’m so excited"
"This is a good start!"
" @NicolaSturgeon: ""So I can announce today that, on behalf of us all, the Scottish Government will give every full time NHS and adult social care worker £500 as a one-off thank you payment for their extraordinary service in this toughest of years."""
"Revolutionary CRISPR-based genome editing system treatment destroys cancer cells"
"FCC Chairman Ajit Pai will step down on January 20"
"A bittersweet Thanksgiving for the friends who met via an accidental text five years ago - CNN"
"'Sistine Chapel of the Ancients' found in Amazon Rainforest. Eight miles of cave paintings, some 12,500 years old."
"Game Theory and lots of other YouTubers will challenge themselves to raise $1,000,000 for St. Jude Children's Hospital!"
"5 Men Paid For Everyone's Groceries At Decatur Kroger"
"Study of 40,000 People Identifies a Key Personality Trait That Creates a Happy Family"
"The rent-striking Manchester Uni students won!!!"
"Four friends from Utah build a company and donate 100% of revenue to ALS patient."
"Make mustaches great again!"
"For the first time in my life, I have ZERO debt. And I'm thankful for that."
"NI Water to plant one million trees on its estate"
"Sea Urchins Love Hats, So Couple 3D Prints Cowboy Hats for Them"
"[OC] Child mortality has fallen. Life expectancy has risen. Countries have gotten richer. Women have gotten more education. Basic water source usage has risen. Basic sanitation has risen. / Dots=countries. Data from Gapminder."
"Good news, it's Friday! What's your feel-good story for the week? (November 27, 2020)"
"African Architect, David Adjaye, Wins Prestigious UK Royal Gold Medal"
"In the US, voters are rejecting the war on drugs: New Jersey, Arizona, Montana, Mississippi and South Dakota just legalized recreational or medical marijuana, DC has decriminalized psilocybin, and Oregon became the first US state to decriminalize the personal possession of all drugs."
"This sacred bean saved an indigenous clan from climate calamity"
"Squirrel gets drunk off bad pears, teeters on railing, Minnesota woman’s video shows"
"Project to replace dying ash trees with 2,000 new saplings smashes target"
"After singer George Michael's death in 2016, Dame Esther Rantzen, founder of the charity ChildLine, revealed that Michael had secretly donated all of the single's royalties to the charity. She said ""George helped us to reach out to hundreds of thousands of children through his generosity""."
"I just ate some honey!"
"Scientists from the University of Alberta in Canada Have Cured Diabetes in Mice, Now They're Looking To Do The Same in Humans"
"Don't forget the lube!"
"Scotland to be first country to have universal free period products"
"Homeless man surprises his daughter for her birthday"
"BI Phakathi: The Faceless South African Good Samaritan Who is Inspiring The World | Zim Trending"
"November 26th, cake day"
"These Indigenous women are reshaping Canadaâs tourism industry"
"The Great Green Wall Helps Restore African Communities"
"Good Samaritan helps youngster walking in the streets without shoes"
"Japan and China agree to restart business travel, coordinate on East China Sea"
"BREAKING GOOD NEWS: Scotland just became the first country in the world to provide free universal access to menstrual products. The new law was passed unanimously. It was led by Monica Lennon, an MP who campaigned tirelessly to end stigma faced by millions of girls and women."
"At Home Health Tests - Getting tested anonymously at home is changing the way we view science and health"
"EDUCATION: Learning goes digital in largest refugee camp"
"Elephant rescued from deep well in a 14-hour operation"
"Shark fin trafficking ring busted as trade ban comes into effect in Florida"
"Just north of the oilsands, the largest remote solar farm in Canada is about to power up | The Narwhal"
"My student loan is paid in full!"
"college student news!"
"Is there a data source for good news / progress over the last 30 years?"
"Reddit identifies a man unknown for 2 months after being asked for help by the San Diego Police Dept."
"Good news, it's Friday! What's your feel-good story for the week? (November 20, 2020)"
"Video Shows Gorilla Try To Help Injured Bird In Zoo Enclosure"
"Multnomah County, Oregon, approves universal preschool"
"You’re on PBS, Charlie Brown: Apple Will Share ‘Peanuts’ Holiday Specials With Public TV"
"good news (well for me)"
"After Devastating Storm, Boy Makes 115 Baseball Bats Hewn From Fallen Limb to Raise Money for Iowa Victims"
"‘Saint’ Dolly Parton part-funded Moderna’s promising new coronavirus vaccine"
"Here’s a good movement!"
"British Diplomat in China Earns Hero Status after River Rescue"
"Another Washington dam removal — and 37 more miles of salmon habitat restored"
"My grandma has gone through a operation removing a big lump from her stomach. What it is us unknown."
"'Miracle of nature': Record number of endangered turtles hatch in Mexico"
"Students Build Electric Car Made Entirely From Recycled Materials"
"90-Year-Old Þorbjörn Has Rescued 233 People"
"Gray wolves to be reintroduced to Colorado in unprecedented vote"
"Bacteria found in yogurt may help bone fractures heal faster"
"How faith leaders organized to win two major environmental victories in Louisiana"
"Climate Scientists Debunk ‘Point of No Return’ Paper Everyone’s Freaking Out About"
Eaglescout
"German court cases lead to decline in air pollution"
"New Atlantic marine sanctuary will be one of world's largest"
"Vaccine alliance secures $2 billion to fund COVID shots for poor nations"
"Good news, it's Friday! What's your feel-good story for the week? (November 13, 2020)"
"Sharing personal stories"
"Once again asking for good news in regards to climate action"
"Amputee Veterans Need to Game, So This Engineer Builds New Controllers from Scratch"
"A Sick Swan Is Saved After a 23-Mile Odyssey by Foot, Car and Subway"
"YOUTUBE IS FINALLY WORKING!!!!!!!"
"PERSONAL MAJOR ACHIEVEMENT"
"61 Things That Didn't Suck About 2020"
"I’m got into the program!"
"Flint, MI Water Update (August, September 2020)"
"Pfizer Covid-19 vaccine, 90% effective according to experts"
"HIV: new diagnoses among gay and bisexual men at lowest level in 20 years | Aids and HIV"
"Happy tears"
"A new, innovative way to help Austin's homeless"
"Meet The New DOTUS, Major. He Will Be The First Rescue Dog In White House"
"Covid-19 vaccine candidate is 90% effective, says manufacturer: Interim analysis of vaccine by Pfizer/BioNTech far exceeds expectations of most experts"
"50/50 chance of mom having rapid growing cancer, cancer 0 mom 1!"
"I'm 100 percent sure that anybody can do anything"
"'The right thing to do': Chapman's Ice Cream makes pandemic pay permanent"
"Me & my gf did our first collab yesterday. I drew it but she painted the whole thing & mixed EVERY colour except white! She took fine art at uni and this is the first piece she’s wanted to make since she was diagnosed with leukaemia 2yrs ago. I think she deserves everybody to see how amazing she is."
"French Muslims protect church in gesture of peace after Nice attack"
"A good news story - Fluke find reunites dog tags of late Canadian veteran with family"
"Completely turned my life around."
"Good news, it's Friday! What's your feel-good story for the week? (November 06, 2020)"
"New Jersey governor signs strict single-use paper, plastic bag ban into law (In US)"
"COVID-19 Update: Mortality rate decreasing among Latino and Black communities"
"Mississippi Flag"
"Sudan’s deal with Israel: a courageous act"
"Just got back to reddit from a long break and you can imagine my surprise when i see these precious little guys! :3"
"Just put in my final student loan payment."
"Sri Lanka rescues 120 whales after biggest mass stranding | Sri Lanka"
"What's new, content creators? (November 2020)"
"4 year old Ayla is saved today, 91 hours after a 7.0 magnitude earthquake hit Izmir / Turkey"
"Walmart lays off robots -- for humans!"
"This is more personal good news"
"'If not now, when?': Black women seize political spotlight"
"I got to speak with voice artist Jim Cummings recently and he shared some stories about his work with the Make-A-Wish foundation that made my heart grow. Faith in humanity restored!"
"This is my mom seeing her granddaughter for the first time in 8 months. My mom had never seen my daughter walk, talk, or laugh in person, since she was so little when we first began quarantine. It was nice to spend some time pretending things are normal."
"Haiti-born US military graduate explains why he was moved to tears in photo that went viral"
"Poznań scientists develop '99 percent effective’ coronavirus test"
"Taiwan Blacksmith Turns Artillery Shells into Kitchen Knives"
"Soothing Sinatra: For lonely captive elephant Kaavan, music therapy (especially ""My Way"") helps him prepare for move to sanctuary"
"The Nightmare Before Christmas: Tim Burton Confirms Jack Skellington Was Black Before He Died"
"I’m 48 hours clean of self harm!"
"During the month of October, I listened to over 1,000 songs that were posted to Reddit by independent musicians. Whenever I ran into one that blew me away, I added it to this playlist! I'd love to share it here with anyone interested."
"How Saudi women are becoming equal partners in progress. 'Women’s participation in the workforce and the wider Saudi economy and having more women in leadership positions is one of the key goals of the Kingdom’s Vision 2030 reform strategy.'"
"ProjectVesta aims to use Olivine rocks to reduce CO2."
"Scientists find Madagascar chameleon last seen 100 years ago"
"Happy news that really made my day! Just had to share"
"9-year-old SF Giants fanatic loses baseball cards in Creek Fire; San Jose man gives her 25,000-card collection"
"Apple equips Washington DC students at Gallaudet with new iPad Pros which have intuitive accessibility features built in. Gallaudet University was a school founded in 1864 with 8 students who are deaf, and is the premier higher education institution for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing community."
"Cable Companies Won’t, So Rural America Is Building Its Own Broadband Network"
"Vaccine hopes rise as Oxford jab prompts immune response among old as well as young adults"
"World’s Largest Seagrass Restoration Project is a Virginia Success, Planting 600 Acres That Grow to Become 9,000"
"Comcast (In partnership with Uni Maryland) to provide internet service for up to 1,000 families from 14 different partner schools in West Baltimore for a period of one year. 'Internet Essentials from Comcast brings affordable, high-speed internet, normally priced at $9.95 per month, to low-income'"
"Good news, it's Friday! What's your feel-good story for the week? (October 30, 2020)"
"Life is just continuing to improve."
"It has been a while, but I'm scared"
"Record number of endangered turtles hatch in Mexico - BBC News"
"70 year old veteran saves neighbors from housefire"
"Well this is amazing"
"Greening: An unexpectedly large count of trees in the West African Sahara and Sahel"
"Artist dedicates work to family of fallen officer"
"The youth vote in Texas is up by more than 600% from last presidential election"
"Beautiful Naledi (4) needs urgent heart surgery to save her life"
"I am celebrating one YEAR of being self-h*rm free todayye!! :”)))"
"Cat missing since 2018 found 60 miles away in Coventry"
"Woman With Alzheimer's Gets Surprise FaceTime Call From Favorite Actor"
"Colorado man reunited with his donkey, Ennis, after fire swept through his town."
"‘The largest pet rescue flight in history’ takes off next week from Hawaii"
"Following up from my last post about becoming a dad, HES FINALLY HERE!!"
"Australian Federal Police have charged 44 men and removed 16 children from harm after investigators dismantled a national paedophile ring"
Finally!
"Bob served nearly 6 years in prison for robbery. His ex-girlfriend's parents never gave up on him — visiting regularly and helping him after his release. They encouraged him to pursue higher education. Last November, Bob was sworn in as a lawyer by the same judge that sentenced him."
"After being on the waiting list for over a year, today I finally started therapy! It's been slow going but the next step has been taken! Here's to 2021, the year for rebuilding!"
"Boy Born With ‘Half a Heart’ Gets a Lifesaving Transplant"
"Czech health minister set to lose job after breaching his own Covid rules: Roman Prymula photographed leaving Prague restaurant that appeared to be illicitly open"
"Israel, Sudan Agree to Normalize Ties in U.S.-Brokered Deal: Accord ends decades of hostility as one of Africa’s largest countries joins a broader diplomatic realignment in the Middle East"
"Can’t post to Facebook yet, so I’m going to be a dad today!"
"Pope Francis calls Trump’s family separation border policy ‘cruelty of the highest form’"
"Cow Cuddling Is the New Wellness Trend for Stress Relief"
"I’m achieving my goals"
"Thirty cats, kittens rescued from 81-year-old man's ""uninhabitable"" Yakima County house"
"Goldman Sachs will pay nearly $3 billion to settle US charges over its 1MDB scandal and will reduce the pay of CEO David Solomon and top executives"
"Good news, it's Friday! What's your feel-good story for the week? (October 23, 2020)"
"Nice thing you can do when you get older."
"As a Lucifer, I like."
"Painted this a while back, hope you like it. Would you run or fight?"
"trippy portrait by me"
"Last year Maya was abandoned at my veterinary clinic. Actually, she was brought in for euthanasia because the owner no longer wanted her. The owner allowed us to find her a home instead but that proved difficult as she was 16. So instead, she’s living out her golden years with me."
"baby and doggy are best of friends"
"Sheep Herding Through the Tekoa Range, New Zealand"
"Was able to use the iPad’s AR capabilities to see some layer depth effect with my drawing. You can download the file to play with if you’d like."
"Munnar in chill..."
"poor baby"
"My oil painting Rocky coast, Oil on canvas. 2021"
"Some trees avoid each other like the plaque. This peculiar phenomenon is known as Crown Shyness and it naturally occurs in some tree species, resulting in rupture-like patterns in the forest canopy."
"This is the Way, dude playing this sick cello during the SOHO Artwalk"
"This go hard or what"
"Painted this giant a while back, hope you like it! Would you run or fight?"
"Baby Talk"
"Origami Baymax, Folded from single Piece of Paper"
"Barboza KO Dariush"
"My oil painting Ship on the storm, Oil on canvas. 2021."
"Syntax Error"
"humanity saved..."
"LED backpack with programmable screen"
"Celtic style owl ring"
"This guy rocks"
"Top Station,Munnar."
"Me when I approach girls."
"I found two."
"don't mind Thanos.. he is the special guest"
"Awesome "
"When you’re digging the new pool just a little too much."
"Dinner and a show"
"The way this ice be"
"He only used half of his energy."
"This is how you do it"
"This hotel..."
"AWESOME ROBOT MUSIC"
"this is too cool"
"i think she is the most person i've seen."
"livestock hauler"
"who took her muffins?"
"Good morning Sunshine!!"
"he has some SPEED"
"Rock out!"
"My oil painting Green wave, Oil on canvas. 2021."
"Awesomely funny word . Its right now.."
"messes with the wrong guy"
"His name is shapeshifter"
"The way of the flame."
"I mean really"
"Dancing kitten"
"Pushing down the earth... :)"
"Brass owl ring with amber eyes, Size 8,5 - 10 US"
"Just want to share with you all one of my oil paintings"
"Kiss your dog.."
"In KFC you get your food in a bucket, in this place you get it on a shovel."
"Carved antler hair stick ""Tree"""
talent
"“A-bomb”, painting on wood"
"Doggo is cute, cuddly, n helpful"
"oh wow!"
"First day playing Paladins (VICTOR IS AMAZING) - (LOFI-BEATS)"
"when google map is not yet invented"
"If you could set up the transporter from one place to another, where would that be"
"having this interior model in 3D is very useful"
"You had enough hooman"
"Beatles: Netflix adaptation"
"Incredible talent and synchronicity"
"Helping is caring. Just like that man help this person to cross the road. A simple help is very insipiring"
"Playlist focused on the golden era (80's-90's) of quality vaporwave instrumentals heard on vintage radio programs & Weather Channel local forecasts. Shuffle and enjoy a musical adventure~~"
"Sad, but so touching"
"Sexy blonde saxophonist"
"Supportive barber"
"Best training machine ever"
"The size of Everest in relation to Urth"
"Rare Glass Octopus of the The Phoenix Islands, or Rawaki."
"Sun-drying tomatoes"
Wholesome
"Colorful pet pop art style, Me, Digital, 2021"
"Took advantage of the inflated truck prices. Sold my 2019 Tacoma for more that I paid for it new, bought a high mileage but clean 2011 Sequoia and pocketed the extra 25k. Pure luck haha"
"Log into Facebook"
"My dog ready to rock the weekend!"
"Awesome Danny Phantom CG Reboot Fan Animation!"
"Red & Black"
"Yellow jackets captured by Venus fly trap"
"Got our first subreddit member and growing"
"It moved"
"3y & 3m taught himself to read"
"This man didn't give up and made it"
"Picture of Dubai"
"A whole new way to pick up your dinner."
"G/F made me a lunch this morning and I’m a fan…"
Icon
"Tried to capture the different colors of the sky "
"Lady Girl & Lola Bear are best friends since day 1 -- Dogs are the best people"
"x man"
"It's not dumb if it works."
"Dying chimp recognizes old friend"
"20% of Lingcods have Turquoise Flesh"
"A whole new way to pick up your dinner."
"Me - Carving Epic Fighting Scene: Goku vs Vegeta - out of Wood"
"Chonky boi with beautiful eyes"
"Corp. Desmond Doss"
"Origami Ninja ""Shuriken"""
"First time, every time."
"Fishy kisses"
Purrrrfect.
"when you are introvert but your mom ask you to join her watch her favorite game in the stadium"
"One piglet is not like the others"
"A beautiful but dangerous sawfish"
"good one"
"Dude started a one man band writing songs that sound like the late 90s early 2Ks"
"Didn't even realize till it was to late I just passed up on my prince charming. Ow ell. He hehe"
"In Finland they paint deers antlers with reflective paint to stop cars hitting them."
"r/AdultsPracticalBooks an Awesome Subreddit for all Simple and Elegant notebooks/diaries, journals, activity books & coloring books for adults and teens, practical for everyday "
"Be cool! Be kind! We love you!"
D'awwww
"That's just all kinds of cool..."
"A magical moment."
"VideoGuesser: Browser game in development (Read comment)"
"A slack conversation we had after the deployment call, we created this to summarise it! "
"Big huge bunny cuddle time"
"Incredible father and daughter cosplay."
"Line up"
"Terrarium, by your's sincerely"
"Look what came out of this egg!"
"Do you know, clicking on a link using scroll wheel, opens it in a new tab? Same for closing too!"
"A composer is setting portraits of cats and dogs to music, and they are just beautiful"
"It's all about teamwork!"
"All Terrain Squirrel"
"Is frog"
"Tea party with sunrise"
"Kid made this piece out of trash"
"Rays eating clams in the swash zone at the beach"
"That's why I love cats."
"When you have to pee at 3am, but you don't want to wake anyone up."
"Rafael Nadal catches opponent's shot with his racket."
"Old and busted: Vertical Landing Rocket Boosters..."
"Who won? Who's next? You decide!"
"It's Awesome!! How you like this :)"
"Danny Phantom Reboot!"
"This coffee table"
"Poseidon is not in the mood again.."
"Do not cite the deep magic to me witch!"
"Vardavar or Vartavar is an Armenian festival in Armenia where people drench each other with water. It in celebrated in July 11th. This is Yerevan, the capital city of Armenia"
"Big and precise"
"Making fire using ice. Credits Simple Woodsman."
"A bi-weekly playlist featuring only new songs. You can listen to it to get a complete list of newly released Japanese music, from indie to popular!"
"This guy making candy"
"Miniature horses that I made a while ago"
"3 years ago i took this photo, didnt know i was going to capture ""nature's joker""."
"Hipperty Hop straight to the top!"
"Birthday party for a dog at a brewery."
"Cause It’s Friday"
"Train ride through tunnel of flowers"
"New anti-theft doorstep system installed"
"The captain leaves last"
"don't disturb me, I'm sleeping."
"Hamster Hacker escapes from the cyber police"
"Origami Godzilla that i made that took me 16 Hours to complete"
"My Instagram"
"When sky meets ocean"
Amazing
"Japan, of Course"
"This bath tub (credits in comment)"
"""I live here now."""
"Canoeing with friends"
"Different perspective on a lightening storm"
"Deaf guy tries to guess what things sound like."
"The rabble not so good then I guess"
"Very well done indeed"
"I cant unhear it"
"Peace be upon you fish."
"Nebula in resin"
O.O
"Playlist about history of music from Kyoto, Japan. Kyoto is a city of famous temples (17 world heritage sites!). You can feel the historical culture everywhere in the city and also student city full of youth's energy. The balance of tradition and new culture is the charm of Kyoto"
Wow
"Dude looks SO messed up in the head. I wonder if he'll B ok tomorrow..."
"Newquay England house on hill (vivid filter)"
"Awww Yisss!!!"
"Guys doesn't wanna be your daddy, they wanna be your dad"
"I’m just gonna leave this here"
"A big skater dude helping a small skater dude"
"""Come here so I can give you some love."""
"Bang bang"
"Human kindness"
"2-year-old skier Adia"
"he smile"
neat.
"Diving down the Sutherland Falls"
"Brooches. Brass and amber"
"If at first you don't succeed..."
"Men will be men."
"Jellyfish coming too close to air ring"
"That face"
"I made visual effects for a Sci-Fi short film shot only on a green screen!"
"What is 5a yoyoing"
"How little it takes for a man to find happiness..."
"Comforting songs of Hope during Scary & Surreal times"
"A collection of 92 songs from newcomer artists who submitted. Sweet and chill. There’s at least one Mac song for everyone to fall in love with. Cheers. Best enjoyed not shuffled (I tried to make the songs flow)"
"hi reddit! my friend has been dealing with a lot of things lately so I made her a playlist to lift her up a bit. Hope you enjoy it!"
"Tell me you're single"
"New to reddit so idk if I’m doing this right, but I thought this would be cool to share… Today marks one full year that I’ve been cancer free and done with chemo! :) (first pic is a year ago, second is today)"
"Construction underway at the Oregon Zoo"
"Not mine.. but some people are so fricking cool!!"
Tandem
"NICE JOB"
"Each one of these red hot blobs are future glass bottles"
"This is way better!"
"Infinite Fireworks from High Rise in Chicago"
"Using a typewriter to make art"
"Brought a bunch of high end slo mo and time-lapse cameras up a big hill and shot every fire work display in Los Angeles at once."
"Lake Tahoe is incredible!"
"Woman born with no hands, can drive."
"He pose"
"My oil painting Big wave, oil on hardboard. 2021."
"First time ever on the beach"
"Little legend"
"Jack Dempsey was instrumental in creating the first million-dollar gate. That momentous event occurred in 1921 when he faced Georges Carpentier, the French heavyweight champion. Dempsey went on to annihilate his opponent. Four more million-dollar gates would occur over the next several years."
"Happy grooming."
": )"
"Acrylic hedgehog keychain. Original drawing made by me"
"a hero without a cape"
"I've fallen down a time or two. Gotta keep getting back up"
"Juicy game"
"I am helping to clean windows!"
"Stress cat"
"Hahahaha :’("
"Boa Constrictor before the shedding"
"First ever flying car"
"Happy Independence Day!"
"I heard you guys might like this..."
"Eruption on Mount Etna (Sicily) gives the illusion of a Phoenix in the sky"
"A gif meme that has cool and fancy animation is always awesome"
"What an entrance"

"It happens"
"I’m part of the 1% that can do this"
"Drainage Canals in Japan are so clean that they even have Koi Fish in it"
"The gas leak in the Gulf of Mexico looks like something from another universe, i could watch it all day! Absolutely crazy!"
"This is you VS you when you gonna have money"
"Inspirational quote"
"Guy sorting garbage saves a cat that was sealed in a bag and thrown away"
Surprise!!!
"Ouch! That slaps."
"i smell some food"
"La, la, la, la, la It goes around the world!"
"Frisbee in the Colorado Mountains"
"A new way to enjoy"
"I caught a shiny tepig!"
"Giving equal opportunities to those with different needs"
"Just wanted to show off this led sign I’m building for shark puppet lol"
"So dreamy ️"
"family video without me?"
"️️This made my day ️️"
"Crazy 8s, ink and acrylic painting"
"Smooth scene"
": )"
"BIG cat twitch"
"Dr James Barry: the Irishwoman who fooled the British Empire"
"When you don't know what you're doing but you know you look good doing it."
"Stone waves"
"He loves her with all her sportsmanship"
"Escaping the heat wave"
"Priceless moments."
"Ze goose is happy today"
"too wholesome not to post"
"Enjoying vacuuming"
"The only cover of the Bible I’ve ever seen that makes it look like an awesome fantasy novel"
"Insane makeup artist"
"Incredible father-son team making hand artwork"
"What it genuinely looks like with bad eye sight (like mine)"
"RGB-IC Led Cloud!"
"Remember the DJ‘s?"
"Very cool clouds I saw today"
"Magic walk, oil painting on canvas"
"It's beautiful to watch..Lightning in Lower Austria"
"Storm rolling through!! Thought this was a cool shot."
"Sarah Gilbert, who co-designed the Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine, was given a standing ovation by the crowd on Wimbledon’s Centre Court"
"How to make a client happy.. Awesome moves!"
"Father's Love! Dad uses brilliant technique for blind son to enjoy a football game"
"Farming machinery aerial view gif"
"The sound effect to the Turbo System in Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit."
"Wolverine sighting 07.01.21?"
"How To Reduce Sugar In Your Diet (easy and simple 10 tips )"
"Went to the park today and there was puddles so took some pictures!(I think they're good for someone who has no experience.)"
"Awesome chase of laser light"
"Cecropia Moth"
"Awesome special effects"
"Give me five .... :)"
Whoops
Bo2
"Peonies still life, acrylic painting on canvas"
"Grumpy Dog ""Origami"""

"The Balins Tomb Cave Troll fight scene from The Lord Of The Rings but in miniature. I build the set and made the video. The whole project took almost 3 months"
"r/KidsPracticalBooks a Subreddit for all Entertaining and Educational notebooks, journals, activity books & coloring books for kids and toddlers, practical for everyday "
"Yep, that looks comfortable…"
"Yes man yes !"
"This, but a gaming chair? That’d be awesome"
"My oh My..."
"Priceless enthusiasm"
"Not really an advertisement, but this indiegogo campaign is trying to utilize rail cars to suck co2 out of the air"
"A 10 storey building constructed in 1 day"
"Motorcycles in Globe of Death"
Life
"How to peel po-tay-toes!"
"World figure 8 championship - most dangerous race"
"Funny hamster overcomes the Neon Cube maze in Cyberpunk style by Homura Ham"
"Zhaotong City (China): the narrowest city in the world."
"I don't know if this is awesome but mom knows everything , love from india ️"
"way too cool"
"For 20 years, I've curated a playlist dedicated to remembering the best of 70's-90's smooth, upbeat instrumentals heard on smooth jazz radio & Weather Channel local forecasts. It's now on Spotify. Shuffle and enjoy a relaxing and productive day~~"
"Ocean Flower Island - the most expensive commercial development in the world"
"Indians visiting North Sentinel island in 1991, where coconuts were distributed to the island's inhabitants, are considered the only 'friendly' encounters between the Sentinelese and outsiders."
Swordbreaker
"I'm manager of Japanese rock band, Cocoro Auction. New single has just released!! This song is based on a diary which are provided by the peopleEven if nothing magical happens, they express the people who is inspired to collect beautiful things like roadside flowers and blue skies"
"An app that can make you happier"
"Playlist for Anime Lover! For example, song of “Flower Garden of Hell” by LiSA, “Mobile Suit Gundam”... There are great anime songs out there️"
"Hello! I'm curator of Japanese Playlist label “Pluto”  This playlist is made by people with different musical tastes, each bringing their own ""awesome song"". Like hotchpotch Update be-weekly!"
"Still have some work to do but this is my HotWheels track"
"Awesome mother dispute no arms"
"Be that woman who doesn't tell"
Nice
"A Rubik's Cube solving itself..."
"Mario's Mystery Meat OST - Brinstar"
"Pendants. Material - solid surface (Corian). Scrimshaw"
"Awesome transformation to a business man"
"Bruce Pennington Awesome Artworks"
"Sam L. Jackson wearing my friends shirt design"
"Seems like yesterday"
"please give me a minute to listen"
"I made a playlist of some unsettling music!"
"Luck or talent?"
"!Warning! do not replicate this is dangerous! It was awesome though!! albeit stupid."
"looking for a Compressed Can holder? here you go..."
"Mesmerizing movements"
"This is what Sheep do when they are Alone...."
"Flooded Road in Iceland"
"I made some leaf pendants with different gemstones. Stats: +50 stealth while walking through the woods."
"I like the way it...turned...out"
"Gran Gran's life pro tips"
"Why hugging 8 times in a day daily is important........"
"Grungey Blues: my favourite bluesy grungey tunes (Beefheart, Shakey Graves, Abner Jay, Colter Wall etc)"
"An R&B love song on Soundcloud"
"This looks like fun"
"This whale was tired of them taking pictures"
"The night is so beautiful"
"Girl performs unbelievable pistol squat o.O"
"What is it with us guys and trampolines, lmao."
"Vampires Of The Deep!"
"I painted this forest landscape with a palette knife and I am happy to share my work with you all"
"Microtonal jams: my favourite microtonal/ xenharmonic tunes. Always looking for recommendations!"
"You played yourself !!"
"Awesome way to make 450.00 per referal"
"Located in Argentina and made up of 7,000 trees planted by a man in honor of his deceased wife, for the love and versatility that his wife had for music and the guitar, the man worked for years to create this work of art in nature in memory of the deceased wife!"
Crazy
"So Sad"
"This awesome wrench piñata my wife made for our mechanic friend!"
"Cristiano Ronaldo"
"#awe #puppy #cute"
"How Star Trek is influencing real-life space law"
"Doing the right thing"
"I was practicing random trick shots with my card throws and noticed this hours later."
"SMART SHELTA | Designed to help the homeless survive on our streets"
"Brooches. Brass and amber"
"Racoon, my oil painting on canvas, 40×50 cm"
"Carving Zenitsu - Demon Slayer out of Wood - Combine 3 Types of Special Wood into a Glowing Statue"
"I want a black Yoyo anime character"
"Awesome statue street performances"
"Origami PANDA ,Just Made this For Fathers Day"
"Her guide dog"
"[Playlist] Fresh J-POP songs selected by Japanese people working in the music industry. This is a playlist that includes 21 catchy and heart-dancing songs. Please enjoy this and find awesome talent!"
"Rope dart [Todd Robins]"
Nanotechnology
"This Fathers Day cake my Mother-in-Law made for her Dad! He’s 86 years young!"
"Satisfying Car Door Closure"
"Ring gun"
"Pipe tube polisher"
"Dad level:black belt"
"My oil painting Surf at sunset, oil on hardboard. 2021."
"A chef caught in the wild."
"Comment your thoughts"
"Bike my parrot"
"Knife edge balancing! Just how you flare in Bartending."
"this is the fastest hand"
"Wait for it."
"Mowntain bike"
"Awesome try with awesome feeling"
"Peace out "
"What are you doing mom?"
Doh.
"morning birds"
"Impressive bike flip trick"
"Big Al. 140 to 160yrs old."
"Guy creates his own Captain America shield to work like the movies."
"My oil painting Purple clouds the sea, oil on hardboard. 2021"
Wtf??
"Floating ink"
"I used five meters of wire for this malachite pendant."
"Dear honeycombs…."
"me when i decided to lose weight"
"Reuse of PET bottle through a machine that unravels bottles"
"Leave me alone!"
"a song for them"
"New trick"
"I'm the manager of Japanese rock band, Cocoro Auction. Their new single has just been released!! While many people around the world are going about their daily lives, I look up and see a supermoon in the sky. Just thinking that everyone is looking at this moon today makes me feel tender️"
"What black leggings hoodie combo will I wow them w today"
"does anyone?"
"Home on the road"
"My oil painting Storm, oil on hardboard. 2021."
"Looks like a videogame"
"Wooden rocket stove"
"Creating the perfect modern gift for a friend."
"Childhood friends, but the leopard…"
"Lukiškės Prison, globally best known as Netflix’s Stranger Things shooting location, begins public activities"
"The beauty of bamboo"
"I'm happy to share with you new painting ""Grace Lake"", acrylic on canvas"
"My oil painting Sea surf, oil on hardboard. 2021"
"This playlist is focused on romance️ These song deals with a painful love affair such as a relationship of convenience. There are 50 awesome indie musicians in Japan!! I hope this playlist is useful to find new music!"
"The Trailer for ‘We’re having another kid’"
Goals
Ok
"Orb of the sky, oc"
"What greater gift then love of  "
"Hello everybody! I am engaged in deer antler carving (Just want to inform you that you do not need to kill deer for this. Every winter deer shed their antlers to grow new ones) These are my new hairpins. I want to share this with you"
"In between (finger tapping beat)"
"Belgian anti-drone security look so badass"
"My oil painting Near the mountains, oil on canvas. 2021"
"Rainbow caught on time lapse - Blue Ridge, Georgia"
"My photo. Did almost year ago."
"When you start an argument with the gf"
"small sunflowers"
"Beautiful winter sunset near where I live"
https://i.imgur.com/0W7zbjy.gifv
"I sung this trick note that will raise your brow in disbelief"
"Epic editing"
"Clouds in FoCo yesterday"
"Origami Cruise Ship, 1 piece of Paper No cuts No Glue"
"relax we're not gonna die"
Reunited
"I carved these rings from solid surface (corian)"
"hope you guys will like it here, and by the way, can you help me come up with a name for this? i'm breaking my head"
"Monument Of Bucephalus, The Horse of Alexander The Great in Jhelum, Pakistan. Alexander buried his horse near the modern-day town of Jalalpur Sharif in district Jhelum just before or after his famous Battle of the Hydaspes with King Porus on the other side of the river Jhelum in May, 326 BC."
"Happiness 10/10"
"This TV add of the French government for the vaccin looks awesome"
"Well coordinated teamwork demonstration"
Thirsty
"That’s the quality of a leader"
"My oil painting Mountains near the lake, oil on сanvas. 2021"
"Automation everywhere! "
"Just a super sweet lil one making you smile, please enjoy"
Comedy
"Rainbow caught on time lapse (Blue Ridge Georgia)"
"My first outdoor painting"

"Japanese Sticky Note Pad Reveals Hidden Sculpture As You Use It"
"Lots of trust and training right there"
"My wife with her newest creation! This magical unicorn piñata!"
"My oil painting Big wave, oil on hardboard. 2021"
"Wish I knew what they were saying"
"Good in air self control"
"Brave lady comeback"
"She only does this with her favorite biscuit."
"Slow motion is great"
"The cutest traveling companion."
"Want to see the pictures"
"More porridge please"
"Cuteness overload."
"You wanna learn rock the baby"
"Made a whale shark resin cube"
"Origami Jet SU-57 (1 Piece of paper)"
": )"
"r/AdultsPracticalBooks a Subreddit for all Simple and Elegant notebooks/diaries, journals, activity books & coloring books for adults and teens, practical for everyday "
"Bird with giant feet"
"Grandma, 5 minutes before serving Dinner for the whole family..."
"I just like having fun !"
"Ghost Bike"
"I got to sit in the cockpit after the flight. I believe it’s an E-175"
"Some miniworlds I made. They kind of look like rpg loot."
"Synchronised ball bouncing"
"This crazy ass rainbow art installation"
"I just got the second pack of vinyl stickers. Original drawing made by me on procreate"
"Someone deserves a promotion"
"Definition of savage"
"A supercharged jet boat on the white waters of Idaho (Cross post from r/CrazyFuckingVideos)"
"JJ's got some nice beats"
"My oil painting New day, oil on canvasboard. 2021"
"When music told a story! We miss you Chester Bennington RIP!"
"The ""Fukuoka(JP) new generation music scene"" is gaining momentum among music fans who are quick to hear. Fukuoka culture is passionate about music, and has produced the likes of Number Girl, MO'SOME TONE BENDER and DOES. Even with the headwind of the COVID-19, the Fukuoka beat never stops."
"Hitchhiking bird"
"Thanks, I guess."
"Look, rays!"
"Hello! I made this cute strawberry bracelet"
"Clearing the driveway"
"I made a moonstone bracelet with copper wire."
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy"

"Clearing the snow/ice from driveway"
"Made for each other"
"Found whilst exploring the depths of the internet last night. I thought this would be relevant place. What y’all think?"
"Interesting Water Painting"
"like nothing happened"
"Amazing water shower"
"Truck guy uses lift gate to help a senior lady into her car."
"An awesome place to have breakfast"
"The Eyeshadow Gang nomming"
Sunset
"The awesome veiw"
"This makes me happy"
"Get stickfished"
"Relax in a hammock"
"Throwing a yoyo"
Relatable
"this is my jam"
"People are using car to cross road in rain."
"I made a playlist just for roadtrips and adventures. Perfect for travel days, cycling, driving, late lunch time, or just chilling by the lake. I update every month and put a variety of folk artists in it. Hope everyone has a good day!"
"Never Give Up"
WHISPERS
"Hot or not?"
"Happy national Yoyo day"
"My oil painting Daydream oil on hardboard. 2021."
"Me and my roommates"
"Who shook the jar?"
"Navigating that turn"
"I hand make these wicked kinetic bracelets that can be used for fidgeting, decorating, and styling."
"tell me its chicken without telling me its adorable"
"Yoyo returns"
"Same actors, 15 years later"
"Striated Heron using a dead bug for fishing..."
"My coworker made an ice cream bowl out of pizza dough and brown sugar for my birthday yesterday ^^ pretty sweet"
Dizzily
"impress me by shining.."
"Found her"
"Wow Awesome"
"Now YOU can be a Disney princess!"
"A different perspective"
"How to make Swedish torch"
"5 flashy tricks"
"How Braille works on iPhone"
"Juggling while getting clothed"
"My homemade printer"
"Love this song"
"My oil painting Female image, oil on canvas. 2020"
"Work smarter, not harder"
"The best camera operator."
"The Kaleidoscopic Effect."
"7 aircrafts land on a single run way at the same time."
"This guy won the internet today."
"This Halo around the sun"
"best animated video"
"Fuzzy scritches."
"BIG BROTHER!"
"URban maypoles from the pillar to the postbox, from a person to a large community"
"This dude speaks the language of the birds"
"Getting Down On The Dance Floor AT 97, He Get It!"
"""I'm on the move..."""
"I finally finished my nuked city lamp and it turned out better than I expected."
"Oil painting Bright mood, oil on canvas. 2020."
"i LAVA you redditors"
"The ISS passing by Etobicoke ON CA. Captured with iPhone 11proMax"
"My brother ripping guitar to a drum track... he thinks he’s bad"
"My project for the afternoon"
"Hundreds of hummingbirds having a feast at a location that's been feeding them for over 8 years straight."
"How to fix your golf swing"
"Awesome references made in Video Games"
"Proposed to my now fiance on stage and on fire!"
"Guy Writes Hilarious Songs To Annoy Girlfriend"
"The best camera operator."
"Calbuco Volcano Eruption, 2015 (time lapse)"
"Hello everyone"
"This dude can beckon birds"
"When you're new to a fighting game and don’t know the controls"
"Fast concrete block delivery"
"This made my day"
"Mount Fuji vs Hasan"
"this happened to me several times"
"I'd rather have the Cane's."
"Exploring Le Mont Saint Michel"
"Look Ma.."
"This pleases me."
"Her Facial Expressions"
"Freshly Peeled Sheep's"
"Simply fabulous, elegant and so full of energy!"
"Don't try this at home"
"Precision parking"
"Stood her ground against the satanical machine"
"I create hidden fore edge paintings. Here is my latest commission within Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows."
"I prefer not"
"A million dollar ticket"
"everybody says my dog is smart"
"Deadfall trap"
"I do feel softness"
"Natural Bridge, Bryce Canyon"
"Ready for anything!"
"Handmade Engraved Kokopelli bracelet and cat eye beads"
"Follow your dreams, no matter what."
"Reagan can climb stairs!!"
"Royal Marines - Gravity Jet Suit"
"Meanwhile at Lowe’s in Milford Ct"
"/r/awesome hit 400k subscribers yesterday"
"Updated “Feel the Japanese GROOVE” playlist. Sharing one of my R&B/Funk/SOUL playlists which helps me start and end my day right and positive. Have a good day :)"
"Girl who was temporarily paralyzed visits her nurse."
"Paradise on Earth"
"This is how you grill it.."
"They have seen it all.."
"He flew low"
"Guy didn't charge for it"
"Floating platform lets you walk on waves"
Miau
"Infinity Doggo."
"Pink Volcano?? Is it real??"
"Another owner has been adopted."
"My oil painting Smooth surface, oil on canvas. 2020."
WTF
"Quick bouncy reminder to check your Wifi"
"Happy Monday, here's some badassery for you! This worker is ""throwing the chain"""
"I made some fantasy jewelry with wire, beads and gemstones."
"Grandpa smooth with it!"
"This glowing whale-size, worm-like animal is one of the weirdest things in the ocean"
"A million dollar ticket"
"meet the Tree Kangaroo and her cute lil baby"
"My oil painting Surf, oil on canvas. 2020"
"Floor scraper"
"Rainy NY, Oil on canvas 28x20 inches"
Willy?
"Turtle power"
"rare baby quoll., cute ever"
"Placed a bet of as little as Rs 11 ($0.15) and a few hours later after all the bets were successful, my returns ended up being Rs.24,634.59 ($338). Safe to say , this was absolutely awesome"
"Food hack - Fusilli/Mac using Chopsticks!"
"Catch the waves"
"Let claw-plach begin!"
"Glimpses into the ocean"
"No friend left behind"
"Dog tired"
"best buddy"
"The winning essay"
"Bee on Honeycombs ring. Silver"
"Copper Bat Wind Catcher"
"Woman Jumps Over Drawbridge (Incredible)"
"Poor thing got it’s head stuck"
"Little Friday Night User Sub Dance Party!"
"Interesting zooming macro shot rig"
"My oil painting New day, oil on hardboard. 2021"
"The legend of Zelda - The Great Fairy Fountain"
"This man cooked with 1000 eggs then went out and distributed them to the less fortunate."
"Quit horsing around and do your job"
"funny ad"
"Full rainbow with a double rainbow on the side. Nebraska"
"ULTRAMAN Origami Folded from a single piece Of Paper, no cuts no Glue"
"Celtic heart node leather bracelet with brass charm"
"When you want to take a beautiful virtual photo"
"Cloud making machine!!!️️️"
"My oil painting Summer courtyard, oil on cardboard. 2020."
"Perfect Fit!"
"Wind tunnel with a 2 different views"
"Armor maxxed out"
"Owner bitten by it's pet turtle."
"My oil painting Green wave, oil on canvas. 2021"
"Becoming one"
"I was asked to recreate one of my old works and I want to share with you all"
"Atlas V launch as seen from a plane"
"Epic firecracker slingshot to hornets' nest"
"Hey honey!"
"This made my whole month. Please explain."
"Awesome pic of a Aunt in middle of flower"
"Awesome church"
"West Texas Nader."
"My oil painting Sea surf, oil on hardboard. 2021"
"[Playlist] In order to prevent good music from being buried, we have prepared a variety of songs from mainstream to underground. This is a biweekly playlist of recommended music by Japanese artists with a focus on new releases. Hope you'll like it! Thanks for the support! :)"
"Made a music video comprised of everything awesome in my life. Hope you enjoy this too!"
"Marilyn Monroe visiting injured troops in Japan in 1954. This poor guy had a broken back and had to heal face down."
"My oil painting Lady with leopards, oil on canvas. 2021."
"This Kinetic Sculpture made from stainless steel wires"
"Red square ring. I carved it from solid surface (corian)"
"This is awesome"
"Fast Tetris nerd geeks out after getting 1st place"
"Stained glass dragon by Chris Johnson"
"Impossible is nothing"
"real hero"
"Grenada's underwater sculpture park."
"My oil painting Sunflowers, oil on canvas. 2021."
"The pride of Peacock is the glory of God"
"A bi-weekly playlist of songs recommended by each of 10 Japanese music lovers! I update the playlist once every two weeks on Monday. Various new artists, genre, scene. All songs are awesome :) If you love it, please like!"
"I just want to share with you all one of my oil paintings"
"Origami Koala folded from 2 color sided Paper"
"A statue of Yasuke, a slave who arrived in Japan in 1579 and later on became the first black samurai."
"Here is another of my dad's amazing oil paintings. Its entirely painted."
"Alugalug Cat X The Kiffness remix"
"Axe Throwing : Rogue vs Barbarian vs Bard"
"An illuminated carnival on wheels."
"It's My Cake Day"
"Diving down into The American River in search of a lost drone & GoPro 8! Both were found and returned to owner!"
"I love this so much."
"My Honey Bee charm and beads bracelet"
"Heath Ledger and Mark Hamill's son creates a Next Fookin' Level Ad."
"Help me step swimmer"
"Dragon Eye, a metamorphic rock formation, was found in a stone mine in Lancashire, England"
"Did you know"
"Awesome bridges"
"He survived and made his flight."
"Goats climbing on a car"
"Big Boi Koi gets released into a pond"
"Bows are my HOBBY"
"Cascades of Juayua, El Salvador"
"Triangle top rings. I carved them from solid surface (corian)"
"I know how I'm celebrating Independence Day this year"
"Very epic"
"Mercedes-Benz wishes everyone Eid Mubarak with this sleek creative."
"Eid Mubarak Celebration at Malaysia"
"My oil painting Lilac mood, oil on canvas. 2021."
"Another oil painting by my dad, everything is painted, including the wood grain."
"An iceberg with vertical blue and white striations"
"Bear Love"
"My oil painting Evening sea, oil on hardboard. 2021"
"Animated Renaissance paintings"
"This photo realism oil painting my dad painted"
"Caught some lightning last night during a storm"
"I spent a lot of time searching for new artists, listening to all kinds of stuff and add good new music I discover every week to this playlist. I hope it's fine to share that here! (i have no commercial intentions and just want to share good music with people) - Cheers! :)"
"Newest oil painting by me"
"I make antler jewelry. This is my new hairpin."
"I carved these rings from solid surface (corian)"
"We are so spoiled, even at the dump."
"Henry Winkler is living his best life today"
"My oil painting Light clouds, oil on hardboard. 2021."
"Jet Ski Professional "
"When the clouds take a dump and put 'bow on it!"
"Awesome circle drawing skill"
"Roasting the corgi?"
"Crockett, the 6 year old rino, gets the zoomies when he sees his favourite caretaker"
"JULIUS CAESAR PENCIL HOLDER LOL"
"Superb click"
"Truce between ants and termites"
"High ping reaction"
"Animal gifs and pics I've saved"
"My oil painting Сlouds over the sea, oil on hardboard. 2021"
"This how nokias are made"
"Oh heck, that's adorable"
"So much we still don’t know about black holes"
"Tank puppy just wanted to play impale"
"Big Beetle Flying Fast"
"Make this happen."
"Makes the line smoothly."
"My Jesus tree with someone giving him a hug."
"Triple Flip"
"I made some cutting boards"
"For 20 years, I've curated a playlist dedicated to remembering the best of 70's-90's smooth, upbeat instrumentals heard on smooth jazz radio & Weather Channel local forecasts. It's now on Spotify. Shuffle and enjoy a relaxing and productive day~~"
"My oil painting Storm and sea, oil on hardboard. 2021."
"When your having a good day"
"Protestors against the military coup in Myanmar stage a scooter rally"
"Someone brought an AC car to a local dog park"
"Origami ROSE for Mothers Day"
"Driving through Watefalls - Iceland"
"My oil painting Light clouds, oil on hardboard. 2021"
Habilidades
"A powerful message told though dance"
"Hello to all you newcomers (plus old subscribers!) Some information regarding reposting."
"Happy Cakeday, r/SurpriseAppearances! Today you're 8"
"Secret Santa Conan Blows His Staffer's Mind"
"A little boy asked his dad if he could ""see a pretty car"" for his 2nd birthday. Dad asked a local car enthusiast FB group, if anyone could stop by to honk and wave that Saturday. This is what showed up."
"Excuse me"
"Haven’t been home since December 2019 so I didn’t tell my parents I got vaccinated and flew home today to surprise my mom for her birthday. Do you think she missed me?"
"Boyfriend surprised his girlfriend..."
"Daisy Ridley discusses her favorite movie Matilda when Mara Wilson shows up during an interview"
"Busker playing Lindsey Sterling reacts to Lindsey Sterling appearing"
"John Cena surprised his fans.."
"The boy friend surprised his girlfriend.."
"Gordon Ramsay surprises a girl at her school"
"Borat Surprise! Very Success!"
"Author Eoin Colfer surprises Artemis Fowl fans on a video call"
"Arnold Schwarzenegger's surprise drop-in on 'Kindergarten Cop' reunion"
"Wynton Marsalis surprises jazz musician doing pop-up concerts in New York"
"Lewis Hamilton surprises F1 fans"
"Woman thought she was going to hear a segment of Obama's new book"
"‘If you bring Florida home this thing’s over.’ Obama makes surprise Miami Springs stop"
"Singer/songwriter/guitarist Jason Isbell surprised by the Dylan-goes-electric guitar"
"President Obama surprises hikers in Hawaii"
"The national weather forecast for Australia"
"New Zealand Twitch Streamer Casually Gets a Visit From a World Leader"
"Suddenly, Oliver Tree..."
"Singing Surprise!"
"Rooftop Tennis Match with Roger Federer"
"I surprised my sister for her birthday by pretending to be her server (I live in CO, she lives in NYC... precovid)"
"Roger Federer Surprises COVID-19 Frontline Worker On Mother's Day"
"SGN Graduation with Oprah, Steven Spielberg, Jon Stewart, and Malala"
"Jimmy Kimmel & Dave Grohl Surprise NY Nurse"
"Ed O’neil surprises Christina applegate on set"
"Tom Holland Surprises Billy Kimmel on 3rd Birthday"
"An interesting title"
"John Krasinski surprises 9-year-old Hamilton fan with an online concert with the performers of Hamilton (Segment starts at 8:27, surprise at 10:25)"
"Jimmy Fallon sings Neil Young's ""Old Man""..."
"Peyton Manning drops in on a UT online class."
"A$AP Ferg surprises school by performing New Level"
"Lenny Kravitz crashes the VOP Choir in New Orleans for “Fly Away”"
"Friend surprises his parents after flying from England to New Zealand after being away from home for a year!"
"Secret Santa Tony Hawk “DO A KICKFLIP!” Christmas Special"
"Aaron Rodgers surprises Annie and an entire neighborhood"
"Nick Jonas undercover, oldie but one of my favorites. Made me actually like the guy a bit."
"Billie Eilish Surprises Her Biggest Fan  | Capital"
"Alicia Keys goes undercover with Lyft"
"Best man makes surprise appearance at wedding"
"Boris Johnson surprises voter"
"Jennifer Aniston scares people on the Friends set on Ellen | EW.com"
"Coach Bill Cowher Finds Out He’s Going To Be A Hall Of Fame Inductee"
"Chris D'Elia Surprises Bryan Callen in Arizona"
"Family surprise"
"Keegan-Michael Key Surprises Team During Homecoming Week"
"Henry Cavill surprises Will Smith"
"Kpop group(Ateez) member San dresses as an old man and surprises dance crew performing his group's song"
"Alanis Morissette and Jimmy Fallon Busk NYC Subway in Disguiese"
"I surprised my mum on her 50th birthday because on one day she was crying in front of her partner and saying she is missing me so much so her partner booked a flight for me from Bali back to my roots (Austria) to surprise her after nit seeing each other for over half a year"
"⁣Going to the vet."
"Vince McMahon appears at an indy wrestling event in Byfield, MA."
"[re-upload] Jordito's Return"
"Billie Eilish Surprises Fans | Just Dance 2020"
"Jodie Whittaker as the Doctor surprises Doctor Who fan | Children In Need 2019"
"John Cena Surprises Sho Madjozi While Performing 'John Cena'"
"John Legend gets drunk at Universal Studios and hops on stage for an impromptu song."
"Jimmy Kimmel Surprises New Yorkers in a Cab"
"Aaron Paul Surprises Fans at El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie Screening"
"Michelle Obama and Oprah Surprise 30 High School Girls"
"Scatman John Surprises Japanese Impersonator (1996)"
"Danish Radio Big Band Surprise New Conductor (musical not train or electrical)"
"Daft Punk surprises at a Phoenix show"
"Lauren Cohan makes surprise NYCC appearance for TWD return"
"Will Smith surprising shoppers at target"
"Blake Griffin Surprises Fans As a Cab Driver"
"Jonas brothers and Priyanka Chopra surprise a hospital-bound fan receiving chemotherapy treatment."
"Tenacious D surprise fans"
"Stranger Things Cast Surprises Fans with Scoops Ahoy"
"David Beckham surprises well coiffured people"
"President Obama Surprises Obama Youth Jobs Corps Students"
"Interns having the best meeting"
"Surprising my mum for her 60th!"
"Ringo Starr makes surprise appearance at Paul McCartney concert"
"Common rapping with street musician (Ray Wimley)"
"Kylie Minogue rick-rolls audience at concert in Hyde Park (feat. Rick Astley)"
"Brother Oliver surprises unsuspecting fan with a gift"
"Nicki Minaj and Jimmy Fallon Go to Red Lobster"
"Stranger Things Cast Surprises Fans at Madame Tussauds Wax Museum"
"Ji Sung Park surprises a Sunday League game in Korea by playing as a fill-in (English SUbtitles)"
"Arnold Goes Undercover as a Used Car Salesman to Prank Customers"
"Jack Black surprises a fan he finds wearing a Tenacious D tshirt"
"Drake Bell & Josh Balz (Motionless in White) help us with surprise pregnancy announcement!"
"Keanu Reeves surprise appearance in Cyberpunk 2077 trailer at E3 2019 (3 mins 30 seconds)"
"'Dark Phoenix' Cast Invade Comic Book Store"
"Watch Bill Hader Meet His Idol, Dateline's Keith Morrison, For The 1st Time"
"My brother surprising me at my Military Basic Training graduation"
"Lil Nas X surprising the kids of Lander Elementary"
"Lil Nas X Surprises Billy Ray Cyrus With a Maserati Sports Car"
"Spider-Man cast surprises kids at Disneyland"
"Pop punk band State Champs surprise Neck Deep crowd after their set."
"How to Surprise my friend"
"Sigourney Weaver surprising the cast of highschool Alien play"
"Tony Hawk Yelling ""Do A Kickflip!"" At Skateboarders From His Car"
"George Lucas Surprise Appearance at Star Wars Celebration VI (2012)"
"Prince Crashes Q-Tip Concert For A Quick Guitar Solo"
"Lin-Manuel Miranda Surprises Audience in Detroit"
"Donny Osmond surprises fan"
"Obama surprises student journalists at briefing"
"AOC Answers Audience Question from Bill Nye at SXSW [volume warning]"
"Steve Carell surprises Jenna Fischer on ""Busy Tonight"" (Surprise starts at 2:27)"
"Jack Black joins a street busker"
"Ariana Grande surprises TNT Boys at The Late Late Show (4:10)"
"Taylor Swift with Robbie Williams Surprise"
"Abbi and Ilana of Broad City Go Undercover to Meet Fans"
"Ariana Grande Surprises TNT Boys on James Corden"
"Adults React to Tenacious D"
"Dave Chappelle hand-delivers tickets to Charlotte couple who were scammed out of hundreds on Craigslist"
"Abuelita’s 105! Best surprise!"
"Christina Aguilera Pranks Unsuspecting Customers at Donut Shop"
"Manny Pacquiao surprises Floyd Mayweather"
"U.S Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez joins stream raising funds for transgender youth charity."
"Cab Driver Claims John Elway Is The Best QB Of All Time But Doesn't Realize Elway's In The Backseat"
"Kendrick Lamar Brings Out J. Cole to Perform For DAMN Tour in Detroit, MI"
"Conan Surprises Japanese Fans"
"Wildlife rescue leads to an unexpected guest"
"Look who is modeling air filters!"
"Imagine Dragons surprises teacher in classroom (2017)"
"TV show reunites German girl with Brazilian friend she has not seen in 3 years"
"Post Malone Pranks People with Undercover Store Suprise"
"Kenyan Hockey Players Meet Their Idols."
"How I broke the news"
"Tenacious D surprising fans (surprise at 5:25)"
"I was in a show called ""Produced by John Cleese"" - on the last day, John showed up and surprised the crowd"
"Tom Hardy Surprises Fans at a Venom Screening"
"Will Smith surprises crowd during his son Jaden's performance"
Surprise!!!!!
"MotoGP Riders Marquez and Pedrosa Photobombing Fans"
"Denzel Washington surprises Jasmine Guy on the set of ""A Different World"""
"Paul McCartney and Jimmy Fallon Surprise Fans in 30 Rock Elevators"
"Slash surprises kids at ""School of Rock"" concert."
"Weird Al makes a surprise appearance during Weezer's cover of Africa"
"Weezer brings out Weird Al to perform Toto's Africa (Surprise at 2:40)"
"[UK] SAS Helicopter comes out of dense fog after flying close to a mountain pass"
"Patrick Stewart Announces He's Coming Back to Star Trek!!!! [LOUD] [13mins mark]"
"Juju Smith-Schuster Undercover at Dick’s Sporting Goods"
"John Cena surprises fans dressed as Bumblebee"
"Linkin Park ft Chris Cornell - Crawling/HHH"
"Barbs surprise appearance at comic con (stranger things)"
"Childish Gambino Performs ""This Is America"" Live @ Chance The Rapper's Open Mike In Chicago 2018"
"50 Cent is Standing Right Behind You"
"Carpool Karaoke with Paul McCartney (includes surprise appearances)"
"Jimmy Fallon and Christina Aguilera busk in NYC subway"
"Childish Gambino surprises high school crowd (X-Post /r/Frisson/)"
"Random girl reviewing pizza realizes she's 5"" away from Ed Helms. (X-Post /r/videos)"
"Chris Pratt surprises fan in most embarrassing way!"
"*NSYNC Makes a Surprise Appearance"
"Steve Carell's SURPRISE Introduction at the Office Wrap Party in Scranton"
"Surprising one blind fan with the ultimate F1 experience"
"At a store devoted to The Big Lebowski, Jeff Bridges (the Dude himself) shows up unannounced."
"Avengers: Infinity War Cast Surprise Fans in Comic Book Store"
"Ryan Reynolds just showed up on a Korean TV show and performed 'Tomorrow' from Annie"
"Steven Tyler surprise performance in New Orleans bar"
"Ariana Grande Surprises Fans While They Sing ""One Last Time"""
"Alshon Jeffery & Corey Clement Surprise Eagles Fans at NFL Draft Party"
"Chris Hemsworth, Chadwick Boseman, Karen Gillan, Sebastian Stan and Josh Brolin Surprise Avengers Fans"
"NFL QB Jared Goff transfers to Community College."
"Jim Carrey surprises Jeff Daniels on CONAN"
"Tina Fey Surprises Fans While They Thank Her"
"Tom Hiddleston Surprises Fans Dressed As Loki"
"Mo Salah (Soccer/Football Player) bursts through wall to surprise kids"
"Craig David Surprises bus riders with secret live performance"
"Marc Márquez and Dani Pedrosa working at a Repsol Service Station"
"Kenan Thompson surprises Nick Cannon on Wild N' Out when the cast of 'All That' returns"
"Josh Peck surprises the sister of two Youtubers who's moving to L.A."
"K-pop group CLC joins in with a dance group covering one of their songs (happens at 1:05)"
"Saudi Arabian man his brother got released from prison the same day as his Graduation without him knowing."
"Jimmy Kimmel and Oscars Stars Surprise Moviegoers"
"Chadwick Boseman Surprises Black Panther Fans While They Thank Him"
"Verbal Jint. surprise Taeyeon in live ""I"""
"The “Mailman” Karl Malone Goes Undercover to Prank Anthony Davis"
"Giant whale decides to give these guys one hell of a surprise"
"Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. 100th Episode Fan Surprise"
"Some nice reactions in Drake's new music video 'Gods Plan'."
"Tony Bennett surprises fans at a Billy Joel concert, singing New York State of Mind"
"Sky Sports' Jim White surprises a guy doing an impression of him, great reaction"
"Sir Paul McCartney Surprises Ringo Starr on His 70th Birthday at Radio City Music Hall"
"Fan wearing a Gilbert jersey gets surprised by Rod Gilbert"
"JuJu Smith-Schuster Pranks Steelers Fans Undercover"
"Mother surprises daughter after not seeing her for 2 years (X-Post /r/Videos)"
"Sister surprised us and came home from South Korea for Christmas!"
"Obama in a Santa hat makes surprise visit [x-post from /r/MadeMeSmile]"
"Pro gamer ""stitch"" surprises fan at PC bang"
"Danish family makes a surprise visit to relative in Brazil for his 40th birthday"
"During his concert, a musician brings a woman onto the stage during his performance. After the performance, her boyfriend surprises her on stage with a proposal."
"K-pop superstars BTS surprise diehard fans"
"WWE wrestler Daniel Bryan is surprised with an autographed mask and a video message from one of his idols, the Mexican Luchador Blue Panther. He reacts like a kid on Christmas."
"Pharrell Williams Surprises Harlem Middle School Students"
"Paige returns to WWE after over a year absence"
"Tesla had an event where they showed off their new Semi Truck, but had a 'one more thing' moment where they revealed their new Roadster. [Happens at 1h 1minute and 31seconds] [LOUD]"
"Couple surprise her parents with a secret baby"
"Mark Hamill surprising guests on Star Tours tonight at Disneyland (CA)"
"Victoria Beckham gives strangers fashion advice in Central Park for $2 by FaceTiming with them through a portable advice booth"
"Patton Oswalt is being interviewed when he realizes the interviewer is from the cult classic movie Troll 2. Patton then interviews the interviewer."
"Sam Smith surprises brides at their wedding"
"Injustice Fighter Pack 3 is revealed in front of a live audience"
"Thor: Ragnarok 4D w/ the 'Thor' Cast"
"Chris Hemsworth, Tessa Thompson, Kevin Feige , and Taika Waititi surprise the Vista"
"Jennifer Lawrence Surprises People on Hollywood Blvd."
"My Mom Is Dating 50 Cent – 50 Central (50 Cent)"
"Famous Korean pop star Hyuna surprises customers as a part-time barista"
"Arnold Schwarzenegger accidentally photo bombs a tourist photo"
"Seth Rollins surprises Jon Stewart with a custom ""The Daily Show"" WWE World Heavyweight Championship"
"Bald Comedian Matt Lucas suprised with bald Olympic swimmer Duncan Goodhew who wrote to him during his struggle with alopecia as a child"
"Charli XCX surprises fans"
"Foo Fighters’ Dave Grohl gets a surprise reunion with the doctor who held his leg when he famously broke it during a show."
"US journalist gets surprise marriage proposal while reporting the news"
"Damon Albarn and the Gorillaz bring out Snoop Dogg for the finale of Glastonbury and kill it!"
"7 year old AFL fan is surprised by the player he is auditioning to play as in a commercial"
"The $UICIDEBOY$ bring out Pouya during a concert"
"Shawn Mendes performs ""Mercy"", and Ed Sheeran makes a surprise appearance mid-song"
"Obama Surprises Students"
"Conor McGregor surprises fans imitating him in Dublin"
"Footballer, Gareth Bale, surprising fans at the Welsh Football training session"
"Amy Schumer in the Judge Judy Audience"
"Fans Surprise John Cena"
"Donald Trump surprises guests at his hotel - 2011"
"Break Dance Crew gets a surprise by Old School Bboy picked from the crowd"
"Some guy gets tattooed the face of Gianluigi Buffon (soccer player). Buffon surprises him."
"English NBA fan thinks he's being interviewed, then Draymond Green shows up"
"At the first screening of 8 Mile, the screen comes up and Eminem does a surprise concert for the crowd. (Starts at ~11:30)"
"Kendrick Lamar brings out Chance the Rapper in Chicago"
"Red Hot Chili Peppers live At Venice Beach"
"Chess hustler doesn't realise he's playing against a grandmaster"
"The Cast of ""Game of Thrones"" on CONAN Comic - Con 2017"
"A 13 year old kid selling cookies doesn't realise that the woman he's selling them to is Nancy Cartwright, the voice of Bart Simpson"
"Aaron Judge Asks Yankees Fans About Aaron Judge"
"Gordon Goes Undercover At His Own Restaurant In Las Vegas | Season 1 Ep. 6 | THE F WORD"
"Super Duper Kyle brings out Logic on the Super Tour"
"Guy doesn't realize he's performing with Matisyahu, the writer of the song they're singing"
"Christopher Mintz-Plasse (McLovin from Superbad) casually starts talking to a guy holding McLovin sign at Electric Forest 2017"
"Gordon Ramsay Goes Undercover And Attends A Focus Group | Season 1 Ep. 5 | THE F WORD"
"Spider-Man Grabs Coffee"
"David Beckham surprises Team GB fans in photo booth (2012 London Olympics) [Repost]"
"Ronan Keating surprises fans"
"Westlife surprise fans in club"
"'A surprise visit from the First lady Michelle Obama ' to Watkins Elementary School Washington, D.C."
"Miley Cyrus and Jimmy Fallon Busk in a NYC Subway in Disguise"
"Lorde surprises biggest fan with ride to school"
"Daniel Radcliffe surprises fan in crazy Japanese talk show"
"James Corden (and Roman Kemp) in a taxi surprise strangers and James' friend from school"
"Shawn Mendes surprises fans in a phonebox at music festival"
"Imagine Dragons surprise fans in a phonebox"
"Zara Larsson surprises fans at music festival"
"Golf heroes, Henrik Stenson, Martin Kaymer, Justin Rose and Andrew 'Beef' Johnston, surprise 9 year old superfan for his birthday"
"Actress Erika Toda (death note) surprised by favorite comedian Hosei Yamasaki (gaki no tsukai) on talk show"
"Pablo Zabaleta surprises fans recording farewell messages to him"
"Zac Efron Surprises Australian Superfan"
"Kevin surprises crowd at Staples Center- NKOTBSB"
"John Cena makes an unexpected return after his Injury at WWE Royal Rumble 2008"
"Katy Perry goes undercover as an art exhibit at The Whitney Museum"
"Jack McBrayer & Triumph Visit Chicago's Weiner's Circle - CONAN"
"Conan Delivers Valentine's Day Bouquets"
"This Is Us cast surprises fans"
"Tyler of Twenty One Pilots at Karaoke Night"
"Rich Chigga surprises Post Malone with a Mariachi band"
"Star Wars Fan Adam Scott Surprised by His Idol Mark Hamill"
"""Uncle Phil"" James Avery crashes set of Family Matters"
"Mark Hamill Pranks Star Wars Fans with Epic Surprise for Force For Change"
"The Weeknd brings out Kendrick Lamar"
"Anthony Joshua Surprises His First Boxing Coach"
"Johnny Depp outside the Pirates of the Carribbean ride surprises Disney guests dressed as Capt. Jack Sparrow"
"Johnny Depp surprised guests today on the Pirates Of The Carabbean ride at Disneyland dressed as Captain Jack Sparrow"
"John Boyega surprises Star Wars fans at Celebration"
"Kenny G plays on a flight"
"Dave Chappelle Honors Charlie Murphy"
"Josh Gad Surprise Appearance in Be Our Guest restaurant at Disney World"
"Famous Japanese actress/model Haruna Kawaguchi surprises customers as snack shop employee"
"Guy tells The Rock-mascot that he's been a fan of him since he was 5, mascot turn out to be The Rock."
"Surprise Appearance on this weeks WWE Smackdown"
"Surprise Appearance at WrestleMania 33"
"Gordon Ramsay pretending to be a waxwork, surprising people at Madame Tussauds"
"Chef Ramsay Roasting People in Public"
"13 year old meets Nancy Cartwright, the voice of Bart Simpson. Tells her she does a good impression. His face when he realizes is gold."
"Ed Sheeran Surprises Fans At Hoodie Allen Show"
"Unsuspecting British people surprised with tickets to an all expenses paid Disney World trip"
"Muhammed Ali surprises kids at school"
"Grandma couldn't make it to the wedding, so... (x-post /r/MadeMeSmile)"
"Serena Williams crashes tennis match"
"Kid jumps into weatherman's forecast and predicts farts"
"Brazilian Flash Mob in London Shopping Centre Cidade Maravilhosa"
"Amy Jo Johnson (original pink ranger) surprises cast of the new Power Rangers movie."
"Chris Pratt Surprises Kimmel Audience with plug for for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2"
"Military Dad Surprises 10-Year-Old Son At Magic Show Birthday Party"
"Emma Watson FaceTimed with random strangers in Grand Central Terminal and gave them advice for $2."
"Stephen Colbert and a friend."
"Serene Williams challenges strangers to a game"
"One Direction surprising fans at a theme park"
"Tourist Group Surprised at Oscars"
"Baseball Star Kris Bryant Gets Pranked by Hall of Famer Greg Maddux"
"Kris Bryant Doing A Little Pranking Of His Own As A College Transfer"
"Michael Bolton sings coffee orders as a barista"
"Ed Sheeran Surprises 8 Year Old Singer on The Ellen Show"
"James Corden surprises a packed theatre by joining Gary Barlow on stage and performing a duet with him"
"Jackie Chan is Surprised by His Original Stunt Team Some of Whom He Hasn't Seen in 30 Years"
"Adriana Lima Surprises Victoria's Secret Customers!"
"Billy Corgan plays for some fans in Laredo, TX"
"Mark Wills (country music singer) surprises a wife at her wedding."
"Tornado survivor interviewed standing in front of her destroyed house."
"Nicolas Cage surprises the crowd at a Nicolas Cage film festival, then reads all of Tell-Tale Heart. (surprise at about 5:40, after misdirect by host)"
"Ed Sheeran surprises a street party and plays ""You need me, I don't need you"""
"Singer Seal finds another busker, on the streets of Beirut and sings a duet and invites him to perform on stage with him"
"The Ultimate surprise appearance? George Michael, Elton John - Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me (Live)[Repost]"
"Professor Green joins Emeli Sandé during Read All About It"
"Labrinth comes on to sing Beneath Your Beautiful during the encore of Emeli Sandé' (Live at Royal Albert Hall)"
"DEATH ROGEN: Billy Eichner goes around telling people Seth Rogen died, with Rogen disguised as a cameraman"
"Cab Driver Says John Elway Is The Best QB Of All-Time, Has No Idea Elway Is In the Car"
"Ed sheeran doesn't recognise his best friend from his childhood, is pleasantly suprised."
"Undercover Brazilian Football legend, Rivaldo, surprises FC Barcelona Fans"
"Chris Evans pranks Captain America fans with a surprise escape room"
"Gorillaz performs Clint Eastwood with Snoop Dogg [Repost from 2 years ago]"
"Singer, Seal, surprises busker on the streets of Manchester and sings with her (part 2 in comments)"
"Dick Van Dyke ""Step in Time"" at The Wonderful World of Disney TV Special"
"Tearful Joe Biden surprised by President Barack Obama and awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom"
"Michelle Obama Surprises People Recording Goodbye Messages to Her"
"Hides pregnancy and surprises family with new baby"
"Gary Barlow surprises teen and invites him to audition for his new talent show (surprise at 1:52)"
"a VERY drunk Kelly Clarkson joins Steel Panther on stage"
"Taylor Swift Surprises Old Fan (person not appliance)"
"In honor of George Michael: Midway through a performance of 'If I were a boy', Beyoncé surprised the audience with a duet with George Michael."
"Roommate's girlfriend hasn't seen her mum in 2 years, they surprise her for Christmas [x-post from videos]"
"/u/yake12 drove 1000km to surprise his mom for Christmas. (x-post r/videos)"
"Two dudes imitating UFC fighter Conor McGreggor when someone familiar rolls up"
"Moms Christmas present"
"Liverpool Footballers, Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson, surprise school kids for Christmas"
"Notre Dame's Matt Farrell & Family Surprised By Military Brother"
"/u/TheoLoko flew his sister up to surprise his mom for Christmas (x-post r/videos)"
"Kendrick Lamar shows up at The Weeknd concert to perform 'Sidewalks."
"Syrian working as bus driver in Turkey discovers his brother, who has been missing for years, among Aleppo evacuees"
"The Surprise Appearance That Left Steve Harvey In Tears"
"Metallica gives guitar to a tearful fan"
"Ian Wright (Famous UK Footballer), is surprised by his old school teacher who he presumed dead."
"Fan plays drum on NOFX's Juice Head in secret show - Potato warning"
"Bon Jovi sings karaoke with fans"
"Jimmy Fallon sings ""Talk Dirty"" with the Ragtime Gals, and a wild Kevin Spacey appears (repost)"
"Michael Bublé Superfan Gets The Surprise Of Her Life"
"Sombra is Introduced at BlizzCon 2016"
"Michael Bublé transforms into sales assistant Dion and surprises shoppers in a mall in England"
"Christmas surprise for an adopted girl who hasn't seen her foster sister for a long time"
"Greg Davies does an impression of boxing champion Chris Eubank only to have him walk onto the set."
"Lady Gaga surprises The Late Late Show audience"
"Undercover Lyft with Rob Gronkowski [3:56]"
"Daft Punk shows up at a Phoenix concert."
"Ellen DeGeneres arranges for a video call between a military wife and her husband who is deployed."
"J.K Rowling announces that there will be 5 Fantastic Beasts movies, the actors also find out with the crowd. [50 min mark]"
"Marvel's The Defenders NYCC Surprise (and Sigourney Weaver)"
"Bret Hart surprises audience at Inside The Ropes Live Show in London"
"Agents of SHIELD cast surprise fans at NYCC 2016"
"Ed Sheeran surprises young German fan"
"Eminem Prank Radio Station pretending to be Jason from Miami"
"Jon Stewart Crashes Stephen’s Monologue"
"Cristiano Ronaldo is going out for tea"
"Sid & Nate work at Tim Hortons Drive Thru"
"Tom Hanks Crashes a Wedding Photoshoot"
"Taylor Swift Unannounced Surprise Performance at a Wedding"
"A montage of audience reactions for surprise game reveals"
"Undercover Lyft with DJ Khaled"
"Trailer park boys meet chiodos and surprise the fans"
"Dad comes home from Afghanistan to surprise daughter on her birthday."
"Ellen and Michelle Obama Go to CVS"
"Coolio shows up during a Pete Davidson stand up/karaoke performance"
"Michelle Obama Surprises Freshmen - Late Night w/ Seth Myers"
"Katy Perry Surprises an Orlando Shooting Survivor on The Ellen Show"
"Aussie comedian Andy Lee surprises his sister with a picture book he wrote for her son's 1st birthday"
"The X Factor UK judges photobomb fans"
"Lukas Graham surprises fans (in danish, but has english subtitles)"
"Montell Jordan Surprises James Corden For His Birthday"
"Simone Biles meets Zac Efron"
"Adele Photobombs Her Fans"
"Reunited: Mother is surprised by long lost son."
"Drake brings Eminem out in Detroit."
"Dick Van Dyke and the Vantastix surprise a crowd at Denny's in Santa Monica."
"Drake brings out LeBron James in Columbus"
"Selena Gomez Surprises Fan"
"President Bush surprises Jeter at [farewell] ceremony"
"Fan Freaks Out Over LeBron James Surprise!"
"President Barack Obama Calls Into Boston Public Radio"
"Paul Potts sings and surprises people at mall"
"Leonardo DiCaprio scaring Jonah Hill on the street by pretending to be a crazy fan [X-post from /r/gifs]"
"UFC Fighter Nate Diaz Surprises Fans Talking Trash about him on Kimmel"
"Professional Drifter at a driving school."
"Alex Vamos (Black Belt in BJJ) spars with a BJJ class as a white belt."
"Will Smith recognizes cameraman from Fresh Prince"
"PEP'S TAXI | When Guardiola Met Braydon"
"Professional Kick Boxer at a local kickboxing school."
"Jonah Hill being surprised by a Paparazzi"
"Jeffrey reuniting with his mother after not seeing her for 10 years!"
"Singer in a cafe performs ""One Day"" by Matisyahu in front of the original artist without realizing it."
"Guns N' Roses' Slash Surprise Kid Rockers at 'School of Rock'"
"Son surprises family after 3 years, 20kg"
"Henry Cavill at SDCC15 in Incognito"
"Brie Larson revealed to be playing Captain Marvel at SDCC16 (twitter video)"
"Jon Stewart Takes Over Colbert's Late Show Desk"
"Sidney Crosby stops by local Tim Hortons with the Stanley Cup"
"Korean idol group MONSTA X surprise fans in convenience store"
"Basketball Camp Kid Faints After Seeing Steph Curry"
"J.Lo shows up to dance with a dance troop -- crowd goes crazy for her. @5:35 if the youtube time code doesn't stick."
"Kevin Hart buys his own comedy DVD at various stores in Nebraska."
"Seal sings with Manchester busker"
"Matt Damon Pranks People with Surprise Bourne Spy Mission"
"The Unexpected John Cena Prank | Hidden Camera"
"Seal surprises a busker and sings ""Stand By Me"" on the streets of Montreal"
"At E3 2004 the last game was shown of at the Nintendo Conference and people were caught unaware.."
"Selena Gomez and James Corden surprise McDonald's employees"
"Kelsea Ballerini surprises cafe singer, singing an alternate version of her song"
"WWE Superstars Seth Rollins and Randy Orton surprise a kid"
"Gary Barlow in a 'disguise' surprises people in a shopping mall"
"Sarah Jessica Parker Surprises Unsuspecting Brides-To-Be"
"Selena Gomez gets tricked into meeting her celebrity crush Shia Labeouf"
"Chris Martin of Coldplay Surprises the Crowd and Joins 8th Grade Rock Band"
"Muhammad Ali surprises Sylvester Stallone at the 1977 Oscars."
"Joe Frazier surprises Muhammad Ali on This is your Life."
"Undercover Lyft with Shaq"
"Muhammad Ali surprising some kids. RIP champ."
"Lenny Kravitz Surprises and Sings with School Choir"
"Icona Pop play from a tractor trailer with graduating students"
"Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans and Gwyneth Paltrow surprised a student from El Cajon who is battling cancer."
"The cast of Agents of SHIELD surprise fans at competing in a low-key trivia contest."
"The Mad Hatter Surprise, featuring Johnny Depp"
"Spontaneous music from 4 musicians at Amsterdam public piano"
"Chris Evans, Sebastian Stan & Anthony Mackie Win Fans’ Hearts!"
"James Morrison surprises Adam the singing electrician (x-post /r/randomactsofmusic)"
"Keith Emerson surprises ELP Tribute Band keyboardist, and promptly takes over playing for him. (x-post /r/progrockmusic)"
"Jay-Z ends beef with Nas by bringing him out at concert in New York (Warning: Loud) (x-post /r/happycrowds)"
"Obama surprises Student Journalists at the White House"
"Chris Hemsworth and Ellen DeGeneres show up at an office"
"Birdy surprises travelers at amsterdam CS"
"Maisie Williams surprises fans at hobby store."
"Two members of McFly surprise 11-year-old guitarist Toby Lee"
"Celine Dion Surprises the Canadian tenors and sings Hallelujah with them (Celine at 2:08)"
"Surprising a friend at LAX, pretending to be an Uber driver (from /r/videos)"
"LeBron James works a dayjob at pizza place"
"Kyle Busch fan freaks out after realizing annoying dude in traffic is Kyle Busch"
"Benedict Cumberbatch visits Comic Store as Doctor Strange"
"Adam Savage Incognito as Comic-Book Hellboy!"
"Adele invites two Irish guys on stage to sing after their tribute to her went viral"
"Hunter Hayes surprises a fan singing ""Wanted"" at a local restaurant"
"Justin Timberlake surprises his No. 1 fan"
"Young Thug brings out A$AP Rocky, crowd goes insane"
"David Beckham Surprises Local Footballers in Sierra Leone"
"David Beckham surprises Team GB fans in photo booth"
"In light of BvS coming out soon, the surprise announcement 3 years ago."
"Kendrick Lamar surprises young musicians in Manchester"
"Vince Wilfork surprises a fan wearing his jersey."
"Ed Sheeran Surprises Audience At A Hoodie Allen Concert"
"Habs fans surprised by Bruins captain Zdeno Chara"
"Spitfire makes surprisingly low appearance"
"Grizz's stand-in from 30 Rock gets photobombed backstage"
"Conor McGregor surprises fan with an unexpected visit!"
"x-post from /r/MMA ; Conor McGregor drops by a fans apartment"
"Ben Affleck surprises fans in the Batmobile"
"Jimmy Somerville, Bronski Beat frontman, surprises street musician performing his song."
"Repost, But worthy! Jewel sings Karaoke in disguise."
"Ben Affleck Sneaks Matt Damon Onto “Jimmy Kimmel Live!"""
"Soccer legent Ian Wright sees his old school teacher."
"Sir Nicholas Winton surprised by people he saved during Holocaust"
"David Gilmour of Pink Floyd makes a surprise appearance to play ""Comfortably Numb"" live, with Roger Waters."
"Marilyn Manson Teaches a Class"
"Lenny Kravitz joins Choir singing his song."
"I Witness News - Fake Drake"
"Street musician busking when the original singer, Jimmy Somerville, comes along and joins him."
"Maroon 5 surprises people at their weddings"
"Shane McMahon returns to WWE: Raw, February 22, 2016"
"AJ Styles debuts at WWE Royal Rumble 2016"
"Obama surprises Democratic Convention"
"Jonny Greenwood had a guest appearance in a Harry Potter bonus scene"
"Cristiano Ronaldo surprised by his old Manager, Alex Ferguson."
"Drake appears at a Skepta show. #SHUTDOWN"
"NBA and Toronto Raptors GM Masai Ujiri always shows up and takes the fan tour buses to away games"
"Kevin Spacey comes across a bunch of dudes filming"
"An audience member asks if he can play piano for Billy Joel. A beautiful rendition of New York State of Mind"
"4 time F1 world champion - Sebastian Vettel dresses up as an old person and takes unsuspecting people for a drive. [German]"
"Michael Jackson surprises his idol James Brown on stage in 2003"
"surprise shia"
"After jokingly writing a letter to ask the Queen to be a guest at two commoners wedding, she crashed it on the day."
"Taiwanese star singer JJ Lin surprises street singer that was performing one of his hits"
"British Rapper, Plan B, suprises fan on her birthday in Ibiza"
"Eminem surprise performance of Detroit v Everybody at Big Sean concert"
"Cast of Memphis surprised by theater full of students"
"Prince William drops in to a school playing field during work in an air ambulance and has roast chicken and cauliflower cheese for lunch with pupils."
"Drake surprise appearance on stage."
"Foo Fighters - White Limo feat. 'UK Foo Fighters' vocalist."
"Drake surprise appearance at Section Boyz show [LOUD]"
"U.S. Navy Sailor Comes Home Early; Proposes to Girlfriend."
"Kanye West shows up at a Travis Scott show"
"There seems to a current spam wave going on throughout reddit, I'll be setting up Automoderator soon to take care of it."
"Elton John Surprises Commuters at London Train Station"
"Korean pop music girl group GFriend surprises group of Korean and American soldiers"
"Elon Musk shows up at SpaceX Hyperloop Pod Competition, crowd goes wild (starts at about 1:25:00)"
"Message from the admins about inactive accounts."
"Shaq plays ball with local PD and kids [xpost from r/videos]"
"Norwegian rally driver Petter Solberg dresses up as 82 year old and tries to get some help for his new car"
"Justin Bieber meets a celebrity"
"Steve Wonder joins in with Reggae Band"
"Young Man Shocks His Parents in the Audience with a Surprise X Factor Audition"
"Tarantino and Samuel L. Jackson Surprise appearance at Sydney cinema"
"Aerosmith Steven Tyler sings with the street musician in Moscow"
"1950's TV show 'This is your life' reunites holocaust survivor with people from her life"
"Youtuber catches wind of a fan meetup...I think you know what happens next"
"Beyonce Surprises a bunch of Middleschoolers [X-Post /r/happycrowds]"
"Ed O'Neal (Al Bundy) surprises Christina Applegate on the set of ""Jesse"""
"James Avery (Uncle Phil) surprises Reginald VelJohnson (Carl Winslow) on Family Matters"
"Bruce Willis surprise cameo on Roseanne"
"T.I.'s Christmas Eve Walmart Surprise"
"John Boyega surprised us at the end of Star Wars [No Spoilers]"
"Choir surprises artist Hozier with backup vocals from the audience on ""Take Me To Church"""
"Arin Hanson Surprise Appearance on Jontron's Starcade"
"Hockey great, Peter Forsberg in disguise."
"The Ed Sheeran $2 Peep Show Experiment"
"Patti LaBelle surprises TODAY show hosts with her sweet potato pie"
"Justin Bieber crashes my cousin's wedding in Malibu, Ca - [2011] [at 3:20]"
"Jon Stewart & Stephen Colbert Crash Conan NYC"
"Adele enters an Adele impersonation contest [working/original link]"
"Famous Chinese music pop singer JJ Lin singing along with busker to his song while shopping in Taipei"
"Adele enters her own impersonation contest."
"Harrison Ford surprises Star Wars fans"
"Justin Bieber surprises fans with tickets [Warning: Screaming]"
"Guy thinks he's going to interview Logan Lerman, but he's been setup by friends and is actually interviewing Emma Watson."
"Jay Leno Goes Undercover as an UberBlack Driver"
"Jesse J does a surprise duet with a guest on the Ellen Show."
"LAHWF's Andrew Hales (Youtube star) surprises random fans on Omegle"
"Wrestlemania 31 Seth Rollins Money in The Bank Cash In"
"Tom Brady surprises CVS customers with staring contest"
"Guy Ferrari ( Food Network ) sat next to us and started filming his show in Venice. I accidentally had a stalker moment with him and pissed him off. Go to 2:05 in the video"
"Here is the video of the Scuba Soldier surprise uncut. After 6 months of being apart, we were all so excited to have daddy back from Afghanistan!"
"Molly Murs in disguise surprise fan"
"Steven Tyler from Aerosmith joins a street musician"
"Taylor Swift & Lisa Kudrow perform ""Smelly Cat"""
"Tevin Campbell(Powerline) performs 'Eye to Eye' A Goofy Movie 20th anniversary panel"
"Channing Tatum disguised for magic mike screening."
"Hugh Jackman surprises a young Aussie fan"
"[Jimmy Kimmel] Miley Cyrus Goes Undercover and Ask People What They Think of Her (3:42)"
"Rugby legend Jonah Lomu hides in prize machine to surprise fans"
"Ice Cube surprises audience at Straight Outta Compton screening"
"Andy Murray goes undercover to prank fans"
"Josh Groban surprise appearance on Oprah"
"Tom Daley works BBC reception"
"The Fugees reunite at Dave Chappelle's Block Party [2004]"
"Ed Sheeran Impromptu Jamming, Dave Chappelle After Party"
"CRISTIANO RONALDO IN DISGUISE"
"Christiano Ronaldo surprises shoppers with amazing skills"
"The Edge and Adam Clayton of U2 join U2 cover band on stage."
"Ed Sheeran joins Jamie Lawson on stage at a bar in Camden, 24 hours before his concert at wembley."
"Pixie Lott's cover of 500 miles is taken over by the Proclaimers!"
"Danny Woodhead as Modell's Employee Selling his own Reebok Jersey"
"DeSean Jackson (NFL PLAYER) as Modell's Employee Selling His Own Jersey"
"Adam Savage Incognito in Judge Dredd Cosplay!"
"Bryan Cranston pushes the button for Above and Beyond's track ""Walter White"" at EDC Las Vegas 2015"
"Edge returns from injury Royal Rumble 2010"
"Daniel Radcliffe plays a receptionist for an hour."
"Captain Jack Sparrow and Scrum surprise children's hospital."
"If you witnessed a surprise celebrity appearance (or got it on video) you can also post it here..."
"You guys might like this sub about celebrities in unusual places /r/irlsmurfing"
"Chris Martin (coldplay) walks into a pub in Delhi, India and plays an impromptu set. The surprised crowd sings along to all the songs he played."
"Stephen Colbert takes over public access TV show in Monroe, Michigan with Eminem as guest."
"Rush joins the Foo Fighters in Toronto (Skip to 1:40)"
"Richard Sherman interviews fans about himself in New Orleans"
"Comedian Vikki Stone sings a song about Professor Brian Cox on the John Bishop Show...and he surprises her at the end!!"
"Arnold Suprises People Dressed As Terminator"
"Irish musician Glen Hansard is joined by Eddie Vedder to sing Hansard's Oscar-winning ""Falling Slowly"""
"Drake Brings Out Eminem At His First Annual OVO Fest"
"50 Cent Ft. Eminem - Patiently Waiting Live"
"Ed Sheeran shows up to a Tim Minchin concert (surprise at 2:11)"
"PARTYNEXTDOOR brings out Drake at Le Belmont in Montreal"
"Kanye Shows up to a Vic Mensa show"
"Bruce Springsteen playing along with street musician in Copenhagen"
"Patrick Kane of the Chicago Blackhawks surprises fans at the Blackhawks Store"
"Max Pacioretty of the Montreal Canadiens surprises Boston Bruins fans"
"Alan Wilder, a former member, shows up on stage during a Depeche Mode concert 16 years after leaving the band"
"Macklemore and Ryan Lewis perform on a NYC Bus"
"Celebrities surprise fans compilation"
"Kanye West shows up during a Stromae concert"
"Peter Doherty plays in the streets of Bratislava, Slovakia."
"Drake In Disguise Interviews People About Drake"
"Ed Sheeran surprises fan singing his song at the Mall"
"U2 Busks in NYC Subway in Disguise"
"Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson's Wedding Surprise!"
"Johnny Carson surprises Don Rickles & live audience."
"Fabulous surprise for Denise"
"Roger Waters & David Gilmour REUNION - performing Comfortably Numb"
"Soldier returns home to surprise family during puck drop"
"Bob Barker returned to The Price is Right today to play an April Fool's joke"
"Ed Sheeran is a couple's surprise wedding singer."
"Mister Rogers surprised by a kid that was previously on his show. His genuine reaction is why he's so loved. [xpost videos]"
"Robert Downey Jr. presents a real bionic Iron Man arm to a special kid (x/post from /r/videos)"
"Gary Cherone (Extreme) surprises high school student at his alma mater's Junior Varieties talent show"
"Samuel Ljungblahd making a guest appearance at a Kirk Franklin concert"
"Jimmy Fallon Surprises Fans at Ben & Jerry's"
"The actors from ""The Guild"" surprise audience"
"SBTRKT - Wildfire Ft. Little Dragon Live (Guest Surprise performance from Drake)"
"The Ragtime Gals: ""SexyBack"" (w/ Justin Timberlake)"
"Ragtime Gals: Talk Dirty (w/ Kevin Spacey)"
"Cooking in Disguise - Gordon Ramsay"
"""Tonight Show Celebrity Photobomb"" with Jimmy Fallon, Chris Pratt and Chris Evans"
"Cristiano Ronaldo surprises a kid on a Madrid's street"
"F1 driver Jenson Button is a substitute ATM cash dispenser."
"Adam Levine and Maroon 5 build an entire music video around surprise appearances"
"Prof. Chao-Lin Kuo Surprises Prof. Andrei Linde over a physics breakthrough."
"Taylor Swift personally delivers presents to fans"
"One Direction surprising fans at Universal theme park"
"Ian Wright gets a big shock!"
"Spice Girls Surprise London 2012 Olympics Performance"
"Justin Timberlake surprises Taylor Swift"
"Anaheim Ducks surprise season ticket holders"
"Justin Bieber surprises a superfan"
"Gary Barlow Surprises Bride at her wedding"
Christmas
"Justin Timberlake, Friends In Low Places with surprise appearance by Garth Brooks, December 19, 2014 (x-post r/videos)"
"Ellen DeGeneres surprises guests on Conan O'Brien Show:"
"Mariah Carey Surprises Super Fans with ""The Art of Letting Go"" (Late Night with Jimmy Fallon)"
"Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Evans Intro To Cap 3: Civil War. Plus lots more goodies."
"Phillies Chase Utley surprised Cancer Patient on Ellen"
"Drake surprises fans at a A$AP Mob concert."
"Michael Jackson's surprise appearance on the Arsenio Hall Show to give Eddie Murphey an award."
"Prince sits in to play ""With A Little Help From My Friends"" at W Hollywood Jazz Night"
"Emeli Sande surprise duet with Taylor Swift at the O2 Arena London...singing her bad ass song ""Next to Me""..."
"WWE Raw The Rock's surprise return [2002]"
"The Rock surprises the crowd at RAW."
"Justin Timberlake surprises fans and plays minigolf."
"Muhammad Ali surprises kids on Candid Camera show circa 1974"
"Sergeant First Class Scott Faile surprises family at South Carolina Football Game"
"Usher Makes a Surprise Visit to Quicken Loans in Detroit to award contest winners"
"Mathew Stafford and Pepsi throw a party at the supermarket"
"At a concert in Manchester's Albert Hall, Sam Smith brought Ed Sheeran up on stage with him to sing ""Stay With Me."""
"Hulk Hogan surprises a bunch of little Hulkamaniacs at Timber Lake Camp in 1985"
"Kid Rock shows up to a birthday party."
"History teacher gets the surprise of his life, and then some! No one in the class saw this coming."
"Mick Foley Surprise Return To RAW 2000"
"Jeremy Lin [Basketball Player] Surprises people in a store"
"Pharrell Williams makes a surprise appearance after a flashmob for ""Happy"""
"Pharrell Williams gives his fan a Priceless Surprise"
"Sammy J & Randy [Comedians] Crash Raychel's 18th Birthday Party"
"Jesse Tyler Ferguson & Eric Stonestreet Crashed A Frat Afterparty"
"Patrick Sharp of the Chicago Blackhawks surprises fans wishing him good luck in the Sochi Olympics"
"Pink Floyd - David Gilmour surprises crowd at a Roger Waters solo concert for Comfortably Numb"
"Basketball player Jeremy Lin poses as a wax statue"
"Wooing Women in Public"
"Dwyane Wade [NBA Player] Surprises girl for Prom"
"Part of Friends cast reunite on Jimmy Kimmel"
"Gatorade | Sweat It To Get It: Yoga ft. Peyton Manning"
"Gal Gadot [Wonder Woman] Appearance at Comic Con 2014"
"Daniel Radcliffe surprises fans after a screening of his new movie."
"Jeff Bridges surprises owner of a shop called 'The Little Labowski (Xpost r/movies)"
"Teacher is Revisited by Students from Her 41-Year Career Before Retirement"
"Mariah Carey Surprises Super Fans"
"THE LION KING Broadway Cast Takes Over NYC Subway and Sings 'Circle Of L..."
"Surprise appearance by Hilary Clinton on The Colbert Report"
"Detroit Pistons | Ben Wallace Surprises Pistons Fan"
"Surprises at Hendrick Motorsports Fan Fest"
"Adam West surprises fan"
"Brett Eldredge surprising fan singing his song in car"
"Chris Pratt surprises children at ""Guardians of the Galaxy"" charity screening"
"Osric Chau [TV Show Supernatural] surprise appearance at SDCC"
"Sting makes an appearance at San Diego Comic-Con 2014"
"Razor Ramon surprises two children with AIDS on the Jerry Springer show"
"Jenna Bush calls dad, President Bush, from Ellen show (2007)"
"Ed O'neal, most popularly known for playing Al Bundy, surprises Christina Applegate on the set of her show ""Jesse"""
"U2 performs on a flatbed truck through Manhattan and for a surprise concert under the Brooklyn Bridge."
"Charlie Sheen Drunk Taco Bell Drive Through"
"For dogs, every appearance is a surprise appearance."
"Will Ferrell Crashes US Fan Party in Brazil [x-post /r/videos]"
"Toronto Blue Jays' Father's Day Surprise"
"Michael Jordan's Surprise Visit Sends Elementary Class into a Frenzy"
"Drake and J-Cole visit a Best Buy"
"US Soldier surprises GF at Sorority House"
"Ryan Lewis Asks Music Fans About Ryan Lewis"
"The Fresh Prince surprises the Graham Norton audience with a few special guests. Starts about 1:25"
"Marine Surpises his sister on her wedding day [new]"
"The President Takes A Stroll Down The Street"
"Actress Sandra Bullock's surprise appearance wows Easton grads"
"Obama makes surprise appearance at White House talent show"
"how can we make this subreddit better"
"Nas brings out surprise guest Jay-Z at 2008 Rock the Bells Festival (0:30 for surprise)"
"The Amazing Spider-Man 2 cast and crew surprise fans"
"""Tonight Show Celebrity Photobomb"" with Jimmy Fallon & Jon Hamm"
"Sailor Surprises Father for 50th Birthday !"
"Jimmy Fallon & Cameron Diaz surprise people at the Top of the Rock by photobombing their pictures"
"Robinson Cano Surprises Yankees Fans While They're Booing Him"
"Train sings Hey soul sister and Drops of Jupiter in a mall in Stockholm"
"During the last concert at Shea Stadium (made famous musically by The Beatles in 1965) before being torn down, Paul McCartney makes a surprise appearance."
"The Red Hot Chili Peppers join in on singers and musicians auditioning."
"Desean Jackson and teammates surprise bully victim"
"Arriving Passengers at Heathrow Airport are Given a Surprise Welcome They'll Never Forget."
"During a James Brown concert in 1983, Michael Jackson, at the height of his popularity, just chilling in the crowd watching the show when he gets called up to the stage by his idol."
"Man Who Saved Over 600 Kids From Nazis Gets a Touching Surprise"
"After not being seen publicly for almost 4 years, Michael Jackson shocks crowd at the 2001 MTV music awards. He comes at 3:45. (Sorry it's not Youtube, MTV took down all the full videos)"
"Say what you will about Steve Harvey, but this video gets me every time"
"After a couple of years of not being seen publicly, Michael Jackson surprises his idol James Brown in 2003 to give him a Lifetime Achievement award at the BET Awards."
"Troy Polamalu at Madame Tussauds Wax Museum"
"Singer gets surprised by his idol, Stevie Wonder. Reaction is awesome."
"Obama at Five Guys"
"Carmelo Anthony surprises guests at wax museum"
"Obama Spreads Some Christmas Cheer"
"Beckham surprises fans before the 2012 olympics"
"Busker sings song - original recording artist walks past and joins in"
"NBA star Dwayne Wade surprises female fan at prom"
"Jay-Z brings out Kanye West for Run This Town, Isle of Wight Festival '10"
"I made an android App for Surprise Appearances. Check it out and give me feedback if you can ?"
"Arnold schwarzenegger works at Gold's Gym."
"Snoop Dogg with Gorillaz at Glastonbury"
"Bryan Cranston disguised as himself at ComicCon"
"It became a surprise appearance when one person finally recognized Joshua Bell."
"Radamel Falcao (Colombian soccer star) surprises kid, and then the kid makes Falcao cry"
"Randy Travis surprises Carrie Underwood and invites her to be a member of the Grand Ole Opry"
"Lil Wayne surprises Drake at his concert, right after getting out of jail."
"I love you guys!"
"Liverpool FC Striker Daniel Sturridge Surprises School Kids"
"Undercover Karaoke with Jewel"
"MC Hammer makes a surprise appearance during PSY's performance at the American Music Awards 2012"
"Jay-Z and Linkin Park fans get surprised by MTV Mash-Up Concert"
"Michael Buble surprised by Josh Groban"
"Selena Gomez goes to surprise fan, but she gets surprised instead"
"My brother came home after not seeing his family for 1.5 years and no-one knew about it"
"Taylor Swift surprises fan by attending her bridal shower - [4:31]"
"Scuba Soldier - Back From Afghanistan Early - Surprises Family"
"Kanye West suprise appearance at Tyler The Creator's Camp Flog Gnaw show"
"Kinda reversed to the usual but still goddamn awesome!"
"UFC star Anderson Silva surprises one of his biggest fans: an injured kid."
"Lionel Messi Pranks His Biggest Fans"
"Arnold drives around Venice"
"Where did all you new guys come from?"
"Sir Elton John surprises fans at George Michael concert"
"CM Punk crashes panel at Comic-Con"
"Jay Leno Makes A Surprise Appearance To Announce Arsenio's 2nd Season"
"Son surprises dad with a classic car (oldie)"
"Lady Sif [Thor] Visits The Children's Hospital Of Los Angeles"
"Bo Jackson Shocks Paralympic Sprinter Blake Leeper"
"Eminem surprise appearance during a Rhianna concert"
"Obama and Michelle Obama Surprises White House Tours [Nov 2013]"
"Richard Sherman (NFL player) suprises high school students"
"Eddie Vedder Surprise Visit on Letterman Black"
"Jay-Z and Chris Martin surprise London commuters"
"Australian AFL team surprises 6 year old Sydney"
"Dave Grohl, Eddie Vedder, and Pat Smear surprise the audience for a Mike Watt Show"
"A young singer performs a song by Stevie Wonder and is surprised by the man himself [X-Post r/respectporn]"
"Mr. Rogers receives a surprise - x-post from r/Frisson"
"Vin Diesel is a pretty awesome guy"
"We Hit 700 Subscribers!!"
"Beyonce with a surprise appearance by Jay-Z"
"Norway PM pretends to be a Taxi Driver"
"David Beckham Surprises Students By Joining Their Coaching Class"
"Westlife surprise fan on the westlife show"
"David Beckham Surprises Local Footballers in Sierra Leone"
"John Cena Meets 8 Year Old Boy on World Wish Day"
"Mayor Bloomberg's surprise appearance on ""Late Night with Conan O'Brien"" - 2/18/2009"
"Johnny Depp visits a London school as Captain Jack Sparrow after receiving a letter from schoolgirl requesting mutiny - [2:01]"
"Loki's surprise appearance at Comic Con 2013"
"Reporters Scramble for Obama's Surprise Briefing Room Appearance"
"Surprise Appearance by the Caped Crusader"
"Dog sees Dad after being gone over 6 months. So awww"
"Soldier scubadiving homecoming surprise"
"Matt Harvey (Baseball Player) Asks New Yorkers About Matt Harvey"
"NFL Player Richard Sherman Interviews Fans"
"Jon Stewart with Bassem Youssef at Albernameg (egyptian talk show)"
"Michael Jackson's appearance at a James Brown concert"
"Janet Jackson surprises mega fans"
"Comedians singing a song about why they're better than U2 when the actual band shows up"
"Q-Tip surprises audience by bringing out Busta Rhymes during performance of ""Scenario"" (/r/happycrowds)"
"Brad Pitt Surprise Appearance at World War Z screening"
"Carlton (Alfonso Ribeiro) surprises Will and Jaden Smith on Graham Norton (X post r/videos)"
"Jon Stewart Surprise Lecture"
"Conan O'Brien Surprises an Office!"
"A classic. Don Rickles comes on Johnny Carson, absolutely storms it"
"Spiderman Surprises Fan"
"Steve Carell's surprise appearance at The Office Wrap Party. They didnt know he was gonna show."
"Nathan Fillion surprises Alex Tudyk at Serenity Con 2007 - [4:41]"
"Nathan Fillion disguises himself at Comic-Con 2010"
"Nathan Fillion surprises comic-con -skip to 9minute mark."
"THE AVENGERS Cast Announcement at Comic Con 2010"
"Obama surprise visit to 5 Guys Burgers"
"Charlie Sheen's Surprise Appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live"
"George Lucas Surprise Appearance at Star Wars Celebration VI"
"Robert Pattinson surprises his fans - (Oprah Show)"
"Sheamus Surprises Fan"
"Justin Timberlake Surprises Fans"
"Beckham's Surprise High School Visit"
"Miley Cyrus makes surprise visit to primary school in Derby"
"Taylor Swift Surprise"
"Leonard Nimoy's Surprise Appearance at the Alamo Drafthouse."
"Grandson surprises grandpa."
"Michelle Obama and Bo Surprise White House Visitors 2013 [Now with bonus Barack Obama!] "
"Will Smith visits high school in London spontaneously & sings 'Fresh Prince of Bel Air' Theme Song. [Repost from Uplifting News]"
"Tyson And Holyfield Make Surprise Appearance Together"
"David Beckham surprises fans at the 2012 Olympics"
"Muhammad Ali Surprises Kids"
"NBA player (Kyrie Irving) shows up to street game dressed as old man"
"NBA superstar Kevin Durant plays intramural flag football at OSU during lockout"
"Eminem gives a surprise concert at a 8 Mile screening."
"Jewel Disguises Herself and Sings in front of Unknowing Karaoke Bar Patrons"
"Lenny Kravitz crashes a Choir singing his song."
"Michelle Obama and Bo Surprise White House Visitors 2011"
"Justin Bieber Suprises his fans"
"Michelle Obama and Bo Surprise White House Visitors 2012"
"Dog happy to see his master after a long absence - for dogs, every appearance can be a surprise"
"Pink makes surprise appearance in London's Trafalgar Square"
"Soldier returns home to surprise his children... while dressed as Darth Vader (X-post from /r/videos)"
"Spidermen and Captain America Surprise Patients at Le Bonheur Children's Hospital "
"Beyonce's surprises kids at an event."
"Andrew Garfield surprises Comic-Con Audience"
"The Rock surprises the audience at WrestleMania XXVII"
"Robert Downey, Jr. Surprises Iron Man Fans At Comic-Con"
"President Barack Obama Makes Surprise Visit"
" Obama Visits Press Room on Birthday"
"Oprah Winfrey Makes Surprise Visit [Skip to 2:15]"
"Skaters are super supportive"
"after almost 3 years of feeling depressed, low self esteem, a litre of tears everyday, and social anxiety issues, i finally feel happy and i can talk to people! last time i cried was 2 months ago! yay for me!"
"It’s things like this that people will never forget"
"So glad I finally got braces at 50 years old! Smiling feels kinda weird now. :-)"
"Just watch"
"Sweet reaction from this Grandma as her Grandson shows her a trick"
"The results of 9 months of sobriety. I didn't even know I could do this 9 months ago!"
"after years of not going more than a day without a drink, today I reached 2 weeks! physical differences are minor, but the smile on the right is so much more real."
"Someone asked for this video."
"Life is short. It makes sense. I proposed. She said yes"
"Have you seen? It’s him!"
"I wish to be this kind of a parent"
"Small steps out of my most recent depression ^^^ I had a shower!! Cooked lunch AND I RANG THE DOCTORS about my mental health!!!"
"I genuinely smiled, this is so heartwarming"
"This Woman's Good Day"
"Found this on twitter"
"Wholesome Husband"
"Found this on Twitter Nd thought it's worth sharing"
"Neglected Pony Gets Some Love and Healing"
"Pink offers to pay fines given to the Norwegian female beach handball team for their uniform protest"
"One of the most heartwarming things I’ve read in a long time"
"Real life fairy tale"
wholesome
"Okay wow  - I don't take credit for putting the video together, thank you for whoever did this. I'm sharing, it's so powerful "
"My husband rooting for our daughter as she jumps stumps is the energy I need this week"
"It fits here."
"kids are innocent [NOT MINE]"
"Beaches are sacredly public land in Puerto Rico, cannot be owned or built on per law. A developer is trying to build a pool on a nesting ground for turtles. This community stood up for those turtles."
"Two 13 year old girls hug after competing against each other in the Olympics."
"I know it's not much, but I did yoga for the first time in many months today! I used to practice 1-3 hours a day, but my mental health got in the way for a long time and I fell out of shape. I feel so much better in my body today than I have in quite a while!"
"Adults entertaining toddler in a restaurant raising his/ her arms"
"If only"
"Canadian Wholesomeness at the Olympic Medal Ceremony"
"An Overwhelming Joy!!!!!"
"P!nk makes me SO proud. Smile, y'all. She's setting a precedent."
"Wholesome in a different way"
"Who doesn’t love a day at the beach."
"shoutouts to him"
"Defiling all the odds"
"Rayssa Leal, from viral skateboarding fairy to silver medalist"
"First time mum, first time seeing my little bean move *not through scan*"
"Today I gave a homeless man a bag of fresh food, and he said he had nothing but the clothes on his back. I went to the store, and bought him this."
"Wouldn't mind dying this way"
"Best doctor."
"The 13-year-old Brazilian girl who just won a silver medal at The Olympics"
"I’m in healthcare and this almost made me cry"
"Hand Sanitizer everywhere"
"Such a cute penguin!"
"the strength of humanity"
"In France, a stallion soothes and comforts terminal patients."
"Just saw this on quora. People gave what this couple deserves!"
"Baby monkey and his baby duck buddies "
"17 year old Lydia Jacoby won Gold in the 100m breaststroke and her classmates went absolutely nuts supporting her!"
"I helped a dying Imperial moth mama today. Fell from a tree. She was in shock so I took her into my garden. Then she laid the last remaining offspring onto my hand. Looking after her kids now. I will do everything in my power to make sure they survive. "
"Annoying bf"
"Giving the dog a day out at the game!"
"Different species, same eyes"
"Hidilyn Diaz won Gold for Women's Weightlifting today. It was the first Gold ever for the Philippines. She cried from joy before the bar hit the ground."
"Springy cat"
"My 4 year old son's ""dragons"" on Daddy!"
"Cat or Donald Duck?"
"Now grandma can :)"
"Bandito, no name, lucky girl, spicy Sprite, & Dorito"
"I did it! One week pull free!  Here's to making it to 2 weeks! (Trichotillomania)"
"Relationship Goals"
"Can't keep herself from bursting with joy."
"Wasn’t expecting this update description from Slack"
"Finally landed it! Happy!"
"Generous Neighbor! I just want to take a second to thank whoever left this at our door. I realized that one of our neighbors not only taped our bill to our front door that they accidentally opened, but they also enclosed money for the water bill! I will be sure to pass the kindness along!"
"had us in the first half"
Friendss
"He's the boss now"
"A letter sent by a school principal in Singapore before exams"
"It is literally the best feeling in the world"
"Every dog owner ever"
"Eat Cake. Fuck Cancer. @sellsprayerwarriors ig."
"Kid playing baseball with dog."
"Australian swimmer surprises even herself in an interview right after winning gold"
"This made me smile"
"Love things that make you stop and visualize… and then smile."
"The daily grind continues!"
"Jax is 13 years young, he can’t walk very far nowadays but would be heart broken if we didn’t take him for a walk. So we pull him in his wagon!"
"Free ride!"
"This is for all you anime fans out there :)"
"Bonus for good driving"
"Female Weightlifter Hidilyn Diaz just gave the Philippines our very first Olympic gold medal! (Previous post deleted due to spelling error)"
"Smiling Lizard"
"She’s struggling but helps him without hesitation. Some people are just genuinely good ️"
"This useless box"
"Malala :)"
"Lebron made her night"
"So cute!!!"
"I passed all of my classes!"
"Protect him at all costs"
"Made and meant to love <3"
"My family and I had a rough year after losing my mom and younger brother. I’ve been trying hard to be there for my dad and sister and it looks like he’s noticed :)"
"How little it takes for a man to find happiness..."
"I made a cheese ball for our friend group and everyone liked it so much they offered to pay me to make it"
"Today was a hard one for me. I have cried multiple times ans practice went super bad. When I got to my bed, I found my doggo cuddling my shirt. Atm she is cuddling me. I love her"
"Thats how love work!"
"I wanted to capture the years I spent obese, depressed and addicted in a work of art. I am none of those now, and a full time artist!"
"Over 15.000 bikers drive past a cancer patients (6) house to make a dream come true in Rhauderfehn, germany"
"Went to introduce my dog to our friend's puppy and ended up with a meme template"
"Today I was part of an adoption"
"Found this fence board smiling at me and couldn’t help but to smile back!"
"This van in the USA"
"Picked up a paint brush after almost three years. It ain't much but it's honest work."
"While the shopkeeper was away, two self-disciplined brothers paid for their drinks by showing their money to the CCTV camera and explaining what they took. The trustworthy kids also helped pull down the shutters on their way out of the shop in China's Anhui province."
"Seven years ago, my dog was the cover of our local monthly. I had adopted him exactly one month before"
"At Longleat safari Park feeding these birds. This was so awesome "
"Now thats cute"
Generosity
"How to get everyone’s attention at once"
"When his son wanted to dance to frozen songs, this dad put on an Elsa costume and danced with him."
"Savvy businesswoman!"
"Seeing this made my day"
"Drove 8 hrs to see their best friend get her doctor coat"
"I’m all about comms"
"This is so true…."
"This Autistic girl talking about her insects she received in the mail"
"I’ve never had someone do artwork of me, for me before. My GF is the best."
"this lil guy climbed onto my lap 3 minutes after i sat down in a cat cafe and wouldn't leave me even when all its friends left for dinner"
"The way he wants to hod my hand when we cuddle"
"8 years after she suffered 3 heart attacks and a stroke aged 1, my baby is my world ️"
"doggos are the best :)"
"Maximus was the smallest ! Now he has outgrown all of us!!"
"Look what he learned today!"
"A lockdown litter "
"This little Fariy won a silver in Tokyo yesterday"
"This poor little guy fell out his nest twice today, luckily his parents have come back"
"This clover has not three, not four, but five leaves! I'm sending you luck across the internet"
"I have legs."
"Help me out!"
"Asked the pizza place to send us a menu since we just moved to the area, they sent us a message!"
"Truly a legend…"
"Took my grandma for lunch and a walk this afternoon. Someone complimented our matching bucket hats while we were out. Made me smile. "
"“Kitten can’t go to sleep without her toy”"
"A friend of mine sent this to me, I am sorry if it is a repost, I felt like sharing this."
"I’ve been laid off since December because of Covid-19 lockdowns. Tomorrow is my first day back in work."
"So despite knowing people don’t seem to like transgender people and despite my dysphoria being triggered by some transphobic comments on my last post, Thank You to the Redditors who defended me MTF 36"
"Last day of chemo!!"
"This weekend I hit a new milestone in my weight loss journey and tanned in the pool, in a bikini, for the first time in years!"
"Giving pets ""boring"" human names lol <3"
"I work in a museum, over the school holidays we have crafts available, this holiday's crafts were inspired by Matariki and everyone was encouraged to make a wish in their star. Here are some that were left behind when their wishers left, don't worry I folded them back up and put them on our shelf."
"Bubble at Dusk"
"I can’t believe this many people watched my broadcast"
"Cherry celebrating her first birthday with her BFF Chip!"
Adorable
"She said yes!"
"My dog sleeping like a baby"
"She is the winner"
"My cat sticking his tongue out"
"He’s such a cheeky boi but he makes me smile every day"
"It’s been a shit day but I have all the ingredients for a great cup of coffee"
"Just got back from vacation and my neighbor texted me about my pets"
"Almost got him!"
"Funny video that made me smile?:D"
"The apple slices expired so I got to eat the caramel that came with them for free"
"I'm so happy seeing how far I have come. I can't stop smiling right now"
"hang in there???"
"Tom Daley after winning his first ever Olympic gold medal in his 4th Olympics with diving partner Matty Lee. Made me so emotional watching this as a former athlete as well as a supporter."
"I thought making your home decor was not possible without having art skills, as of late I came to find out Im capable of making this kind of decor for small trinkets, jewelry etc. Legit, find something new to do, push yourself, and you WILL surprise yourself."
"Where's your driving license little guy?"
"A friend of mine sent me this in the post this morning"
"How to get a free cat"
"Catnip Saturation Reached!!! (He’s 16yrs Old)"
"Send help, I'm trapped in the bathroom."
"Tunisian teenager Ahmed Hafnaoui’s family watch as he takes gold in the 400m men's freestyle final in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics"
"It always brightens up my day when Loki greets me like this ^^ maybe his cuteness brightens up yours as well"
"After years of trying, a medical emergency, moving to another state, and dealing with teaching during covid, we finally have our first child. Meet Leila."
"What a face...."
"You’re never too old for a surprise Star Wars day"
"Most of the Ink Drawings I have done since April."
"Children performing the Roman Testudo"
"Caring is cool! There, I said it"
"This is so ..... AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW"
"A ""Revolution"" in a convenience store"
"Used all my ADHD coping mechanisms and played 10.5 hours of Twilight Imperium, won by 2 points "
"Nothing can replace a mother's love  also why was the other monkey mean for no reason "
"Idk but the way she responded with an open mind instead of making fun of spider likers made me smile. : D"
"This made me happy."
"I was walking around my backyard yesterday morning, and I happened upon this adorable bee going HAM on some pollen. (Wait for the end!)"
"Little n large "
"They always do this..."
"Cute flowers and statues I saw while walking around my neighborhood"
"Rescued piggy coming in for a hug"
"Coach's Reaction to Swimmer Getting Olympic Gold"
"One a police dog always a police dog"
"kind stranger funds another man’s meals for the week + food for the less fortunate (found on instagram sorry for the weird cropping)"
"Live action Among Us"
"So dope"
"One week ago I found out my ex-boyfriend probably has narcissist personality disorder and was using me to triangulate his girlfriend. Today will be my first week clean from benzos in 7 years."
"Snacks are left outside of this home for delivery drivers. The delivery driver does a small dance in excitement. The way he comes back to the camera again made me laugh."
"School kids design a wheelchair pram for a disabled dad so he can take his baby son for a walk"
"In 2 weeks I'll have been married to this woman for 14 years. I took this photo at mile six of a hike in 90 degree weather. She's as strong and resilient as she is beautiful and I am so grateful to share my life with her."
"UFC legend Diego Sanchez helps make a special needs fan's dream come true with amazing gesture."
"No pillow? No problem"
"In the beninging"
"These siblings"
"Happy stomach rubbings"
"fresh batch""of wholesomeness"
"I disconnected with my friends over COVID and I’m glad to announce that I am in the process of repairing the relationship"
"Three week old axolotls make me smile, and I wanted to share the happiness with you too"
"Glad he had a great lunch"
"Soccer cows"
"Your time to pop is coming"
"Someone is having a hard time getting showered with love"
"Just what can I say ??"
"Hop to the top!"
"You are lucky."
"Got my first skirt! (androgyny here i come)"
"this felling make me happy"
"Might not mean a lot to most people or seem kinda dumb, but something I always wanted to do was inspire people, so this comment made my day :)"
"Finally motivated myself to clean my room and put up some cool lights in order to get me out of my depressed rut. I think it looks great!"
"My 6 year old and her first best friend."
"I am so happy, just bought my first house. Feeling optimistic."
"Hey Reddit, I know it’s not finished but I just wanted to share that I’m 100 days sober today and finally started drawing again after throwing away my art supplies 10 years ago. I am so grateful to be alive and able to notice the little things."
"Australian swimming coach Dean Boxall’s wild celebration goes viral after Ariarne Titmus wins gold (Link in comments)"
Wholesome
"Boy asks blind girl for prom"
"TBT to when I underwent a breast reduction. My scars will never be healed, but it was the best decision of my life. I can live again."
"My friend crocheted me a rabbit thing— they feels bad that it doesn’t “look right” but I love it"
"Don Quixote and the windmills"
"I like that. I smiley"
"Lama step by step art"
"Whoever these two runners are totally made my day!"
"A few years ago this silly kitty followed us home, now he’s a fat annoying jerk who I would die for!!"
"In 2015 Rayssa Leal, a.k.a little fairy (fadinha), with 7 years old appeared in a tv show to met her idol Leticia Bufoni a famous brazilian skater. 6 years later Rayssa Leal won a silver medal in street skateboard at Olympics with just 13 years old overcoming Leticia Bufoni."
"Made my day, epic expression ""seriously"""
"Look at life from different pov’s"
"This little lady picked me to be her human today!"
"Such a lovely performer! And the jugglers cool to."
"deaf dog gets REALLY excited about walks"
"My little price I won for social commitment. One of my students nominated me just for fun (that's what I thought after he told me), but turns out most of my students think, I did a great job."
"Mother rat teaches her babies how to groom their human"
"My beloved pooch passed recently. My friends young students decided to skip maths to write me and Moose letters. I printed them photos of him to say thank you."
"A nice way to say good morning"
"First Time Walking the Bridge"
"Learn to understand thoughts"
"The mind of a child can go a long way"
"The snack bandit"
"Neighbors that care. "
"Chubby beautiful kids, wish you a happy day"
"Even after randy costa gets Stopped by TKO he shares a wholesome moment with his opponent and referee"
"Navy Seal Dressed As Superman Visits A 20 Year Old Superman Fan Living With Epidermolysis Bullosa Recessive Dystrophic To Lift His Spirits"
"Turn 30, revert to toddler!"
"My son turned 2 over the weekend. Today my SIL sent me this written by my 6 year old niece. She knows what's important... T did indeed crack it when the cake was taken away!"
"The moment when my dog reunited with my dad after a 2 month business trip"
"Happy Sunday from these cuddle buddies "
"I know it’s not that special and people post stuff like this all the time but 111 days without self harming is pretty cool"
"Maybe a repost dystopian and I know people will comment that he's filming but made me smile/cry. All credits to IsiahGarzaintl and Lad bible."
"A real life superhero"
"A cat shows a baby her kitten ️"
"We should bow, he’s a king."
"Attempt at Novel Writing Final Update (290 Pages. 75k words in 202 days. I fucking did it.)"
"Mad Skillz"
"Babysat my friends rats the other day! They’re so social, smart, and fast! Say hello to Jake and Finn the Siamese rats!"
"Every year for my kids’ birthday, my wife takes a picture with their birthday balloons. My oldest turns 9 today and I thought this collage she made was super cool. Enjoy!"
"A pretty little family I made. I thought it might make you smile."
"1 year "
"A few years ago, my mom and I road a kiddie coaster at the county fair. She had a blast."
"They always make me smile when they snuggle…"
"Nicolas is 11 years old and blind. To allow him to enjoy his favourite team, his mother Sylvia takes him to every single Palmeiras game and she narrates the action."
"Olympic officials can't put medals on the athletes this year, Canadian swimmers pur them on for each other"
"Abraham Accords: UAE patient to get a kidney from Israeli woman"
"""Does he know it's about him?"""
"From r/cute - Scientists know that rats like to have their bellies tickled, so they used that as basis for testing happiness in rats. They found out that the ears of rats undergoing tickling became droopier and pinker - subtle signs of being relaxed and happy."
"This is so wholesome and something I would totally do(taken from r/memes btw can’t cross-post)"
"Best watch yourself in the fields!"
"I used to kill every plant I owned. Now my first ever tomato plant is actually producing fruit from a NYC windowsill!!"
"Grandpa Cliff Jumping"
"I’m sorry I can’t come in today, I have a cat on me"
"I want my dogs life."
"Redditors learning new slang terms"
"My cat Cinnamon waiting for me to get out of the shower :)"
"Butterfly enjoying these flowers :)"
"Father daughter bonding time"
"Belén Pérez Maurice gets proposed to on live TV after her match vs Anna Marton (sabre)"
"Too many Aarons to run"
"My kid said ""the toilet is smoking"" so I rushed in and found this "
"How dance rivalries are born."
"My four year old performing Queen’s Love of My Life."
"My mom (72) texted me ""OMG! I made #1!"" I thought we were excited basic bodily functions until she followed up with this. Rock on, mom!!!"
"Cuteee ...."
"My best friend got married today"
"A few months ago, I looked in a mirror and got really sad about my quarantine weight gain. Today I clocked in at 160lbs and I can’t stop smiling. Aiming to get back down to 145lbs by the end of the year "
"After 9 exciting years together, I finally asked today, and she said “yes”!"
"Kindness and cuteness overload"
"So wholesome!"
"some pins hand drawn, made, and pressed by me "
"Our dogs doing their very best to get my partner out of bed. I love these two so much."
"I’m sure the taxi driver was very happy!"
"Accidentally made Vermont cheese and cracker."
"The sweetest origin story of a simple snack"
"This smol curious boi who greeted me on my hike made me smile!"
"It may seem so simple to many, but I cleaned today."
"Best self defence lesson"
"""Stinky bastard man"""
"This image of my cat always makes me smile"
"A Wholesome Olympian."
"Bet you didn't know there was a Guinness World Record for most dogs in a conga line"
"Felt a little down, but then I saw this chameleon posing with stuff and it made my day."
"After the probably worst day of my life, someone made me smile..."
"I found out rats love belly rubs"
"Dogs being rescued from floods"
"A challenging-but fun little triptych set I made recently for a friend."
"Little man cracking jokes "
"Apart from regularly bringing free medical services to those living in medical deserts in Hualien, Taiwan, Dr. Jiang Yue-chen also helps art and charity groups by giving them the support and resources they need."
"Motorists feeding hungry puppies."
"And I’ll keep doing it"
"I hope you're resting well."
"Little spoiled sausage"
"I went on a hike in the mountains yesterday and the wildflowers made me happy, hope they do the same for you."
"Dalton fire department helps a raccoon out and he is pretty 'embarrassed' about it. Yes, true story."
"I have depression and do not have much self-worth. Today I saw the first of my roses has grown, and I feel proud of myself"
"What a concept"
"Rocks 2 Dogs Leashes"
"No soda for 8 months!"
"7 year old skateboarder cries as she meets her idol on a tv show. 5 years later they’re teammates at the Olympics!"
"Perfect love story."
"We all like a good butt scratch"
"The captain always goes down with his ship"
"I’ve bean away at collage for almost a year and I’ve changed myself entirely."
"Saw this was a thing, and there is always good in the world."
"I’m really sad and tired and cleaning my room took 6 hours because I kept taking sadness breaks but I did it!!!"
"36yo, 8 Month HRT Anniversary, and I couldn’t have done it without My Wife and 3 Sons "
"I'm Ready! I'm Ready! I'm Ready!"
"Not a lot, but I finally paid off my college debt today!"
"Father-in-Law Found Mysterious Box in Basement"
"Good People"
"Crafty cockatoos master dumpster diving and teach each other"
"Betty is enjoying the chance to snuggle"
"Look at his face."
"One of the vaccinees I registrated today left me a present"
"Look at his little head resting on me, we love a sofa day "
"I, too, am quite selective with my participation, lol"
"The time when I travelled 8600 miles back home to surprise my mom. Till date I didn’t find a right place to post this, maybe now I have. ️"
"Kendra Harrison when she found out she broke a 28 year old record in the 100 meter hurdles."
"Cooking a large meal for the kids"
"Groomsmen help wheelchair-bound groom have his first dance with bride in heart-warming video"
"This is wholesome"
"Chevy Silverado Superfan Sees Stranger's Broken Pickup Truck In Parking Lot, Fixes It On The Spot For Free"
"This happy face always makes me smile!"
"I caught the moment that the rain started and the sun was still shining, after getting a visit from a butterfly. It felt good to feel like I am in the right place at the right time."
"that little bow-tie"
"More than 15,000 bikers (close to 20,000) came to my village to fulfill the last wish of a 6 year old with terminal cancer. Friends of the family posted his last wish online a few weeks ago trying to find about 20-30 bikers. They got a lot more, from other countries too! It was awesome but sad."
"Budapest Pride yesterday. It had the most attendees ever this year!"
"2nd day on tech legs. 1st time off a wall onto a hill. LFG!"
"Good dog does great!"
"Life is not a race. It’s one thing you don’t want to finish first."
"I found princess resting on my tractor today"
"Heading to a baby shower for my niece. This is one of my many gifts."
"Reddit, meet Bangs, a rapper from Sudan. Bangs has endured a tsunami of haters ever since he released the unintentionally humorous ""Take you to the movies"" song, but I think there's a beautiful lesson behind all of Bang's tracks: Never give up. Never let the haters get the best of you."
"I overcame my anxiety and got my vaccin"
"Attempt at Novel Writing Update 9 (ALMOST THERE)"
"True story!"
"Just reddit being wholesome af"
"Father and Daughter take same photos for 35 years"
"This post by u/GreatGospel97"
"My second day out with my surfboard. I am definitely no spring chicken and am out of practice but I am so happy to be out in the ocean with my board. I hope to post a pic soon once I get better again."
"Everyone likes a beach day."
"A note from a coworker during a dark time. It's been 3 years and I still look at it when I need a pick-me-up."
"Passed my social work licensing exam Friday!"
"A rat being petted"
"After a few years of letting my room go I spent last weekend and this weekend cleaning it up and de-cluttering my life."
"These kids dancing in Central Park. WITH masks!"
"Baby raises his arms and somebody notices, then the whole restaurant joins in."
"First time dad as of 7/8/21. Little guy came two days after my birthday. Here we are meeting for the first time. "
"I pick up trash as a hobby and it’s been oddly lucrative as of late."
"My grandma looking as a movie star on her wedding photos"
"1 year without hurting myself... It's been a tough road but art has been my best support"
"I made it! I'm under 100 kg for the first time in years! Woot woot! Double digits!  Wanted to share this glorious feeling. Next goal: 95. Ultimate goal: 70."
"So my 7 YO daughter is really into Decentraland (real world universe with real users) Here was her message to the world. Made me smile (and didn’t know I was watching)"
"Doggo made friends with an Otter"
"Ok I can do this!"
"Something you need to hear"
"I was scrolling down at some of my cringy post and deleted them, then found a nice gem to cheer me up."
"The best thing about old people with tech"
"I just bought a house and came across a picture of the previous owner from there honey moon and couldn't bring myself to just throw it away."
"She's love's him"
"The smile on both of them is just priceless"
"Hello Deer!"
"Welfare check"
"A resident at work wanted to gift me an Aloe Vera plant, because she likes them so much and they don’t need much water and are therefore good for people who forget to water often (like her and me), but she didn’t had one left, because she gave all away. That’s sooo cute "
"brush that butt"
"We’ve been using hand-me-down furniture for the past five years that’s been broken and torn; today, I finally bought new furniture without panicking about to afford it!!"
"Sharing this piece of @morganharpernichols' wisdom about stories Let's start noticing the goodness <3"
"Barboza KO Dariush"
"Finally feel healthy enough after my successful cancer treatment that I made my first YouTube video since I was in the hospital! I can now continue creating informational content about Childhood Cancer. The link is in the comments for those interested!"
"bruh if u don't think skunks are cute lookin don't speak to me"
"With the boyz"
"My shy friend, who very rarely dances going ham!"
"Shark tracker"
"Me and my bf posing for a cute photo like we didn’t do questionable shit 2 mins back "
"Big theater kid energy"
"This may not be much but it made me smile"
"I've almost completed my Mobile Cosplay Repair gear and have custom patches coming in a few weeks. When it's safe to attend conventions soon, I'll be able to help cosplayers fix their outfits - there's even a 110v power pack to run hot glue guns."
"Gecko onesie "
"The way these dogs cross the road to lead the stroller. Heart warming."
"I’m sorry but Stan Lee was the coolest guy I’ve ever seen. When I don’t feel good I watch this video and after I want to be a good person the type of person who does something good because it’s good, «If you can do good things for other people you have a moral obligation to do those things»"
"I was eating at a dimly lit restaurant when I saw this man holding his phone flashlight up, helping his grandma see her menu easier."
"Down about 50+ lbs in three months. Still got a long way to go, but already feeling more confident in myself!"
"This slide for peppers"
"We found him from our garden today! :)"
"Old video I stumbled upon.... Original https://youtu.be/iklLpALe2FA"
"My siblings and i was struggling to pay for my mom’s grave stone, we never thought we would be able to have one. Until my mom’s friends got together and started a gofoundme, even strangers helped us with this. So today, this Beauty is up!!"
"He is the lord of the toys"
"Just a dog on a segway that is all "
"Yesterday my dad meat one of his all-time favorite band’s drummer (Tool), Danny Cary. He watched him play at the Baked Potato in LA."
"My son was born today. I don't have anyone else to share it with."
"I got to see both parents and both brothers for the first time in 17 years."
"Little girl waving hello to shoppers"
"My sons smile never fails to make me smile, hope it brings joy to others."
"The air tastes mighty fine today!"
"Someone left this bin full of basketballs on the court in my neighbourhood for the kids to use! No idea who is responsible, but I appreciate it!"
"A cowboy came out of the stands and did this"
"cute poem"
"TIL - NYC Subway pilots are required to strictly adhere to the 'Point and Call' system where by they acknowledge a black and white sign at every stop. After figuring this out one rider decided to gather his friends and make their day a bit better."
"My son was born this week. I finally got the chance to play for him!"
"My kittens little toe beans"
"Wanna play some hockey?"
"He's a cat lover. Newly adopted kitten."
"I'm going to be a grandfather part 2. This time without the mother's name displayed."
"Man rescuing a dog at some small waterfalls..."
"My cat escaped to the neighbours yard so my dog helped rescue him."
"My food delivery person attached a very legit thank you note. ️"
"My grandma turned 94 today. To celebrate, she rode a zip line at a ski resort's summer adventure park."
"this deer made m day"
"While the shopkeeper was away, two self-disciplined brothers paid for their drinks by showing their money to the CCTV camera and explaining what they took. The trustworthy kids also helped pull down the shutters on their way out of the shop in China’s Anhui province."
"My puppy needing some lovin"
"Found this on a walk to a friend’s place."
"Finally remembering cake day"
"Her first love: zombie babies"
"My baby pumpkins are growing! *details in second image*"
"“ I ate dis piece “"
"Me then vs. me now"
"Ohio father buys ice cream truck to create jobs for his two adult children with Down Syndrome, and it turns into something much sweeter"
"I Love you mom."
"Dog Mesmerised By Butterfly!!!"

"Cat in a bag."
"Saw some turtles ""kissing,"" but one got shy & tucked its little head in <3"
"My daughter successfully negotiated a raise from the Tooth Fairy!"
"pockat :)"
"Just call someone cute to see their reaction."
"Carrying a cat in a stroller in Tokyo garners a lot of attention"
"Bicycle Kite!"
"4 years ago, Marcia Malsar fell when carrying the Olympic torch, however most importantly she got back up and continued."
"Some jfl gags to brighten up your day"
"I’m trans (ftm) and my family isn’t very supportive of really anything I do, especially transitioning, except my brother. Today, he asked me to be his best man in his wedding."
"I send videos of my chickens to my cousin when she's having a bad day. This was today's video, her name is Jordan."
"Give grandma a rubber band, watch her win an Oscar"
"This is how freedom looks like. They all were being smuggled. Released by the Forest department staff. Credit: Parveen Kaswan"
"Unconditional love"
"First thing we've ever paid off early in 20+ years of adulting. So happy to not have this hanging over us anymore. "
"This teacher carried the baby of one of his students during class at the university. (@ToureLabaly on Twitter)"
"From the one of most hated to the most loved driver in Formula One, Seb continues to show how great of a person he is."
"Why isn't this more common?"
"Guy in pub being nice to me"
"Brazilian sportscaster gives a play-by-play of his COVID vaccination like a football match!"
"rainbow by my house"
"I’m 28 (no kids) and have never had my own place, always with roommates, and even tho it’s the housing authority (they’re not that bad in my small town, pretty clean and nice) I got approved and am now on the waiting list! I’m so excited to be alone soon finally in my own space!!"
"Good chickens"
"Brazilian sports commentator narrates his vaccination in real-time like a game-winning goal"
"its fox friday(well its saturday where i am at)"
"Have been feeling kinda down lately, with this new COVID world, as well as work and personal issues. Decided to smoke a little weed for the first time in years and watch The Life of Brian. All better now. Hope this brings a little lightheartedness to anyone who needs it."
"Puns - Ink Drawings"
"My first time playing an FPS. I only started to game a few months ago, I have nerve damage in one hand ever since I was a baby and I’ve struggled with basic games like sack boy. But in two games, I managed to get 51 kills! (First game I got 12)"
"Flower girl couldn’t make it to the wedding so they came up with a brilliant replacement."
"Bouquet of kittens for you."
"These kittens are orphans. Their momma cat was killed by stray dogs. These were just few days old. My friend took care of these liitle and feeble kittens and now they are in good shape. Video shared by him. [OC]"
"Haven't seen my dad in 6 years and I miss him a lot. These are some reviews I found from the small restaurant he works out. The red spots are talking about him specifically. I'm so proud of him."
"I’m now a homeowner and super proud that I did this solo as a single mom."
"Found the lost dog ""Max""."
"I just want to say thank you to everyone in this subreddit! I've been having a hard day and reading these posts has made such a massive difference! Thank you so much for making this a truly positive space!"
"Neighbourhood cat approves of the catnip I planted for him"
"2 months ago i couldnt run a quarter mile without walking. today i went SEVEN and a quarter without walking. #hardwork #discipline"
"Grannie and her cute dogs"
"Sorry if this is a repost. I just found this on tik tok. Well done, what a hero."
"Gotta adjust till comfortable."
"Saw this and had to stop and take a photo."
"Oh lawd he comin' "
"Gotta have the whole gang"
"Such a great guy!"
"2nd day of walking practice on biotech c-legs. First time on a sidewalk with no grass."
"Grandma sings Rob Zombie"
"Why does Venice, Italy look like Patrick needing water"
"Here are some babies dancing to make u smile"
"The Transformation"
"For the first time in a long time I fit into 2xl clothing just wanted to share with someone."
"My wife challenges me to learn a dance each Friday to improve my prosthetics and dancing skills. This week we’re trying out to dance on uneven surfaces. Enjoy the view!"
"I volunteer for a sanctuary and yesterday I completed my life goal of playing with an otter! Everyone, meet Chow :)"
"It’s my 21st birthday and I loved how my parents decorated breakfast to celebrate. "
"Of course we happy"
"This is true love."
"I don’t know how to title this"
"On a post on r/LGBT, this person and their interaction made me feel a thousand times more confident about myself and I want to share my smile with them. This may look like a repost, but I can't send my smile through a message and the last post isn't showing for them."
"The perks of volunteering at an animal shelter, I'm currently only working with the cats, these are my 3 favorite pictures thus far"
"made my bad day better reading this"
"Smokey was a stray cat rescued during his infancy who has been TRAUMATIZED since his time outside. After 4 years with me, he has finally began opening up and requesting love (see comments)"
"a street artist did it in my down town."
"Just found out a car yard sold me an unroadworthy and dangerous car - knowing my six year old would be in it. Then i saw a bug-type-creature."
"Happy cat!"
"George enjoying a cup of cold water on a warm day"
"Avishag Sember's family while watching her fight for the bronze olympic medal in taekwondo"
"Important Message for Students"
"This is my piece that I submitted, now it's an art show about 1 hour away from my town. From July 24-August 24. It's called My Cocoon. It's my first time in a big show. ️️"
"My 8 year old is wise beyond her years. After a rough couple of days, she told me she left me a note in a locket on a jewelry box."
"My special needs little bro playing Super Smash Bros for the first time (sound on)"
"Happy dog"
"Tucker’s former owner told me he had a party trick- we confirmed that today!"
"A green and pleasant land / Gatton Park"
"Trader Joe’s cashier whips out the plant identification app when I asked if she knew what plant I was buying. I thanked her for going the extra mile- and she said no problem then waved goodbye to the plant in my cart. "
"Today is my birthday and I'm working a 12 hour shift as a lone worker, this is what I walked in to. Love my team!"
"Someones are just born gentleman. Good boys don't stare. It exists in animals' world, too? Haha!"
"Her smile after helping him is everything"
"Beloved airport piano player earns $60,000 in tips after stranger posts video to Instagram"
"Take Care Of Yourself Today. Be Yourself Today. You Got This."
"After over a year of losing the remote daily I give you remote raccoon. Instructions in the caption lol"
"She's just such a sweetheart, hope her excited face can make you guys smile as well!"
"Finally something he can't have... made me smile."
"I saw and swam in the ocean for the first time today!"
"Sooo Who's Ready For Some Yoga?"
"India wins first medal in Tokyo Olympics weightlifting Mirabai Chanu wins silver lighting 202 kgs"
"Two Old Knighted Men Hanging Out. It's Guy Love Man!!!"
"This is the fortune I got at lunch before I found out I was pregnant. I thought I couldn’t have children, but the universe knew."
"A visual Dad joke"
"This l made me smile so I thought I would share it with you guys :)"
"This year I had the opportunity to get out of my comfort zone and grow. From being to shy to show my art locally to sending my artwork to different places across the world."
"Motherhood is a beautiful thing"
"A short and sweet story about the kindness on reddit. Yes, you read that right."
"Binx the Cat Survives Surfside Condo Collapse, Reunites With Family"
"VIDEO: Friendly Dog Found in Dumpster on a Rainy Day Saved by Garbage Truck Driver"
"I swear I'm not crying"
Wholesome
"Two little girls laughing at a farting bird toy"
"On a post about a flood-destroyed pc. Many others willing to chip in as well. Proof that reddit can be super wholesome at times. :)"
"My dogs had never been around cats before so I was nervous when I decided to rescue kittens. My dogs have been so sweet and loving to them from the moment they arrived."
"This is so wholesome"
"I didn’t get to celebrate the release of my book bc I was in rehab - but here’s me (148 days sober!) w my book in an irl bookstore!"
"I was having breakfast, I look up and I see this lovely guest staring right at me from my first floor balcony. She somehow managed to climb there hoping to join me for breakfast."
"He really is a super man!"
"Before you say anything you're great. You know how i know you're great? Because youre a human being and if its one thing I know about human beings is that they do great things and overcome their hardships no matter the odds. So be great!!"
"The mail lady is just so adorable!"
"Picture from a train, simple pleasures of nature"
"Ring for carrots"
"Lucky for them"
"This made me laugh a little too hard.."
"Got this little sweetheart yesterday"
"Everyone needs a father like him."
"Best graduation picture that made my day"
"Words cannot describe how much I want a jumper like that now"
"Smile! How smiling helps baby development — A simple smile from you helps your baby feel safe and secure, is good for bonding and attachment, and releases hormones that can boost brain and overall development."
"Business in the front. Party in the back. "
"Woman, 101, reunited with son for surprise birthday party"
"Not all heroes wear capes"
"all cops should be like this"
"There are a ton of these posts. But after many overcoming many of our hardships, I married the best person that I've ever met!!"
"Who said flippity fish were just for cats??"
"Live Crab DJ! "
"My daughters first steps and her cute landing on her little but at the end."
"This good boi"
"Awesome interaction between busker and dancing grandpa..."
"cute couple :)"
Bananas!!
"Shoutout to those who are struggling in private. I am proud of your progress."
"just found this video of my dog who fell asleep wedged between mine and my gf’s legs. sound on for snoring bonus!"
"Cute cats "
"Traveling 250 miles to see my Mom 92, and my sister……seeing we all got the memo, priceless."
"My only connection to this girl is we had a math class together in 8th grade, way back in '96. Despite switching schools the next year, we've been in and out of each other's lives since and are finally settling down together. Life, uh, finds a way :P"
"Chilling with best mate"
"This does put a"
"A compilation of my favorite animal parents. Send them to your loved ones for instant smiles :)"
"I love my wife <3"
"Type 1 diabetes (3 months progress)"
"Adopted this handsome devil 1 year ago today! He’s grown a bit.."
"Hairy baby"
"When you have a basset hound and it’s been quiet for too long…"
"This is what I call a dancing spider"
"My youngest nephew has MPPH2 an extremely rare genetic disorder and my sister was told he'd never walk on his own, well he finally took his first steps on his own!  I'm so proud of him!"
"After a rough week I was greeted with a message on my bike ride today that made me smile"
"UPDATE: I have been admitted for Bachelor of Arts. Fall 2021 baby!! Im ridiculously pumped!"
"My laptop broke because I had a seizure, which made me spill my water on it. My mom met a guy a Facebook, and he met her at Costco, paying $300 for the laptop and $100 for the warranty. Thank you, Chris."
"The last year has been really tough for me. My anxiety has been at an all time high and I also underwent a minor surgery. Online classes have been hard but I still managed to get a 10/10 CGPA in the 1st year of my undergraduate degree :)"
"Duck feeding his fish friends"
"My mom was unexpectantly put into permanent care after a seizure, I have to move apartments and was hospitalized for a month :))). After feeling unable to, yesterday I gathered up the strength to cosplay, which is my passion and comfort. It's not much but things are looking better"
"We are loving ourselves now"
"I Just Had The Most Surreal -- And Profound -- Flight Attendant Experience In My Life"
"I have been dealing with a lot of stress , anxiety and burn out lately and just recently lost my dog of 15 years on Tuesday, so I have been quite down. I decided that I needed a hobby to help cope with the stress and decided to pick up surfing again. I am so excited to take this baby out tomorrow."
"This is my boy. He belongs to my mom. He is 22. He has dementia. He went missing three days ago. Tonight I went home to look for him. And I found him. I thought I was looking for a body. But I found a whole boy :)"
"Denver police giving out Advance Auto Parts gift cards instead of tickets for broken tail lights"
"Birdy has challenged you into a wiggle competition. Do you accept the challenge?"
"Everybody needs a hug"
"First time hand cycling with no legs. Went pretty well. No tips. No falls."
"Im having a PTSD episode and my sister decided to mow the lawn for me. Small stuff like this somehow makes me feel a lot less alone"
"Before and After one month adoption  Our baby girl, Stella!"
"As the wife was going through chemotherapy sessions alone, due to the dangers of COVID-19, her loving husband sits outside her room with a sign: ""I can't be with you but I'm here loving you!"""
"This swing I saw at the park today made just for people in wheelchairs."
"Finally got to visit a weed grow"
"Opposing baseball teams having a little fun on the field."
"I almost cry laughing every time I watch this. I hope it makes someone else smile too"
"This bar full of people pumping up a little guy who likes to raise his arms up for cheers!"
"He comes"
"Docter kitty"
"Kid gets classmate who didn't get anything for Christmas a present."
"Since the day my son was born I’ve done everything I can to raise a strong, confident, headstrong man but at the same time make sure he is vulnerable and compassionate. I think it’s been working…"
"I learned how to make pancakes from scratch for the first time! There were some things that I did wrong but they came out wonderfully!"
:)
"I ordered some semi permanent tattoos in an attempt to cover my self harm scars...and I can't believe they look so good!"
"Alan Watts"
"(UPDATE) Despite a really shitty day having to deal with annoying people, I stuck to my pledge! Thank you all so much for the comments awards and everything!"
"My picture of a beautiful, but dead flower head that fell."
"These two best friends"
"you guys I struggle with severe anxiety and I took myself to the fair and even won a dolphin! i’m gonna name him Charlie "
"I don’t have social media or a whole lot of people to really share this with so I figured why not share it with y’all. I am going to be a FATHER!!! After trying for a while and a couple of bumps along the way, we are finally expecting."
"My wife struggles with anxiety and depression. She is also a school teacher, so when she isn’t working and occupying her mind during the school year, she is working on the yard. We play a game to pull the biggest root each time we do yard work. I heard her scream “ROOT OF THE YEAR!” And saw this."
"Human Nigel"
"The way he takes a few steps exactly like mine and that happy face when we turn around! What a happy pup!"
"My dog is doing a smile :D"
"Some truck owners are the best people to exist"
"Here’s the original everyone wanted. Still made me smile "
"Turned away"
"my dog playing in backyard water"
"I started a new job after eight months of unemployment! The office is cold, so my mom quilted a blanket for me to use at my desk. :)"
"My mom meeting my cousin's Irish Wolfhound"
"The company I bought my mattress and bed frame from included 3 greeting cards you can send out to people who might appreciate the gesture."
"this ryan better be worth it!!"
"Lucky son & parents "
"His smile"
"Came into the living room to see three sleepy burbs laying in the sun "
"Place I work in has been trying to attract bees by having flowers out front, its started to work guys!"
"My neighbor has apparently been watching my battle with trying to keep squirrels from getting into my bird feeder because they put grease all up the pole so they slide right off for me, very smart and nice of them it made me smile knowing they cared enough to help. Here’s a video of the little brat"
"Jack Hughes celebrating his brother getting drafted and being his new teammate"
"My 98 y/o grandmother beat COVID and finally got to meet her great-grandson today"
"Gangster bird."
"Keep going please"
"Dirty beans"
"Older couples are sooo cute…"
"Went for a walk on my lunch break and saw this plant library."
"Family turns daughter into beautiful mermaid "
"Some cheese I made with my Dad"
"From randomly meeting at the post office 3 years ago, to annual birthday cruises. Happy 86th, Beverly!"
"mascot saves boy from being hot bu ball then boy does CPR!"
"Made it 1 year and 11 months self harm free! Got this cat around the same time, she has helped a lot."
"Stabled horses often need a companion to stave off lonlieness. Generally, Goats are used for this purpose, but in a pinch, cats can do. Here's an example."
"Rescued hermit crabs that were neglected get a new home and proper care!"
"If you experience one of lifes many fails:"
"That's kind of cute though, haha"
"Man missing in B.C. backcountry for 2 weeks found by wildfire crew"
"I hope you find this video as wholesome as I did. Nothing but good vibes! By ColonelRubens"
"Its the little things"
"I was addicted to drugs from the age of 14-21. I went to rehab in Dec. 2018 to begin my first and only attempt at sobriety. It's my daughter's third bday Sunday, and in these 3 best years of my life, I've been able to earn her mother's trust back, and finally provide for them myself. Never lose hope"
"Queen of dreams "
"Rafa Nadal met a 95-year-old woman called Manuela (who was recently diagnosed with Alzheimer's) whose dream was to meet him. “Before I forget what is tennis and what Rafa means to me, I would like to meet him”, she had said. Her dream came true."
"My boss said I was her hero. What an incredible compliment!!!"
"Feeding 30 people for under $30"
"one shall never mansplain :) | Can never forget this tweet."
"They both look like they’ve been caught doing something naughty"
"Messaged a guy on Craigslist about a shed. His response made my day!"
"My little buddy and bun bun."
"Man adopts dog with massive tumor so he can feel unconditional love during his final days"
"I was an addict for over 10 years of my life but my son came into this world with a sober dad."
"God bless him!"
"I literally don’t know what to put here"
"18 weeks of chemo (with the first one having strep as a hitchhiker), with two young kids, while working. I rang the bell yesterday."
"Three strangers jamming out!"
"That floofy tail and her extra long ear hairs always make me smile"
Japanese
"bio tech leg walking. 2 days in without holding onto anything. Let’s get it!"
"Gorgeous pupperoo"
"What would Mr. Rogers do?"
"Husband gets wife a sword for graduation!"
"3 years ago I was soo insecure and scared to smile, but today after losing 80lbs I found my smile again️"
"To the post, ""How I Wish Every TikTok Video Would End""...... I raise you this!!"
"My Incredible Niece."
"People saving dogs in flood-zhengzhou China"
"not your typical post for this sub but i’m taking a year off school because i decided my mental health was more important than an expensive sheet of paper and i’m happy i did it despite what my peers and parents said"
"This post made me smile, thought I would share :)"
"My little Miss Rory"
"It's the little things"
"Coffee man good"
"Took this photo the other day of my 1 year old pug!"
"On my last day at work in a job I loved, I taped a note under the desk. 11 years later it's been found."
"At my restaurant today a wholesome little girl made me this absolute poggers drawing as a gift, thank you you made my day"
"I would have asked for a slice of cake after"
"Couple Who Were Married for 73 Years Die Just Hours Apart"
"Second day walking on prosthetic legs without any assistive devices. Filmed in late May."
"Tabby starts the morning off right with a deep breath and a beautiful sunrise. Here's to you!"
"Inspiring Success Story"
"They all look beautiful together "
"UPS Delivery guy."
"Being able to get back on the motorway after a near fatal accident 4 months ago"
"HOT DAMN!"
"Olympics 2021 Opening Ceremony was the most positive thing in this Pandemic!"
"2 old Army buddies meet again after 60 years"
"Thought it would be nice to share a wholesome story"
"Just got a puppy last night from my Petsmart job from a old couple and she’s so beautiful! Me and my boyfriend named her Raven  (He named her) "
"This couple made my day"
"My friend quit her job as an icu nurse to spend time with her terminally ill partner and started her own business hoops for hope so she can stay home with him. And it's taking off! Im just so happy for her!"
"That ""Shopping and Vibing!"""
"Took my doggo to the groomer and they put bows in her hair! "
"Wholesome meeting"
"My super talented sister started making her own pottery during the first lockdown and has absolutely *nailed* the likeness of our family friend’s pup. Look at that tongue!"
"Chewy customer service"
"Update on my elderly neighbor and pup: Ani is 3 weeks post-op and my roommate and I still visit Mrs. Lucas and Henry weekly"
"this is my real smile because i am very happy and that note did not break my heart at all (all credit to @alienpopstarr twitter she's the op)"
"Sharing a recent commission order I enjoyed working on. Two pin cats Ritzi and Owen were made by me"
"I just feel so good!"
"Tonight at the fair this lady got engaged, she was coming down the slide, it was the perfect moment. (Swipe right)"
"Man surprises wife with long lost wedding video she had never before seen on their 14th anniversary in a rented out theater"
"My daughter, finding out ITS A BOY!"
"Some of y'all remember me I'm Jojo lol! The 1st pic is in 2013 found out I was diabetic! The 2nd pic same year 418 pounds, the 3rd pic is 2021 ,348 with a little beard lol! 2003 Sister Murder, 2010 Mom Died suddenly! 2020 Loss my son mother to Covid! But Hey I'm still here beautiful folks! "
"My dog hemi after a bath"
"People can be so good.."
"I found this bird stuck in a vegetable netting, so me and my family saved it . I checked from the surveillange cam, and it had been there for many hours trying to get out."
"His laugh brings joy wherever we go. I hope it makes your day better as well. (OC)"
"The vibe is on point"
"Well, its now summer 2021. In the top 2 pics i was 330 pounds, last summer, 2020. This summer i am 180 and i am smiling because i went shopping and got a whole new wardrobe, i fit allll the cute stuffs now :D"
"I Got An Unsolicited Compliment And Nearly Cried In Public"
"My son has been asking for a hover board for his birthday for months. His reaction when he finally got it was priceless."
"Just one more licky tiny hooman.."
"Petting the birds"
Accomplishments.
"A nice guy came today to my work so we could replace the screen of his phone (I work fixing that kind of stuff), me and my friend told him to come back in an hour, we started working in it, not even 10 minutes passed and he came back and brought us food in a way to thank us for doing it quick."
"Saw a dancing doggo on here and thought I’d share our guy’s moves!"
"Wait for it :)"
"A few years ago I lost my passion for drawing during college, so I got out of my comfort zone and did something I was always afraid of ; painting"
"Humanity at its very best!!"
"Pretty kitty"
"Snuggling my rescue for the first time. Over 8 years she was frequently abused by her original owner and was abandoned after that, and from there had trust issues from there on for 4 years. Today she decided to let me snuggle her for the first time."
"People…we have an Icon"
"traffic buddies "
"Wood penguin!"
"Flood Victim from germany hugs a rescue worker after getting food donated."
"a kitten was stranded and crying in my garden all night, and its mother finally came to the rescue!"
"I proposed to my girlfriend and my daughter went wild!!!"
"Puppies really made my day"
"Thats so nice"
"Guy surprises her long distance girlfriend by showing up at her homecoming dance."
"Now give him a stick!"
"Dad passes the vibe check"
"Happy pittie smiles from my new rescue dog, Piper!"
"I’ve been depressed for years & have finally begun feeling better. I’ve been anti social for quite some time & decided it’s time to expand my social circle."
"My lovely neighbor who is from Mexico brought my BF and I some traditional chicken gorditas. Eating it sent me back to my childhood when I used to live in a place where I could get traditional food like this anywhere. Made my day!"
"I'm full of the cold and in bed not well but I did manage to get up and surprise my fiancée with a coffee. I'm super happy with how it looks."
"This wholesome review"
"Great parenting in the wild"
"Tombili the street cat used to relax nearly every day on this step in Istanbul. He was so well loved, there is now a monument here marking his spot forever."
"A regular customer's heartwarming reaction to a free cake on her birthday ."
"Beware of dog sign I made for my front door"
"My son (16 months old) finally said “grandpa” to my dad the first time…"
"Beware of the cows "
"I’m agoraphobic and it’s very hard for me to even go outside let alone to talk to people, my neighbor started yelling at me yesterday saying I hit his car and filed a police report. I had to talk to the police on the phone and afterwards my mom sent me this. It makes hard shit like this easier"
"Happy Eggplant/Aubergine :) Discovered this while prepping for lunch today."
"A reddit dog came to my party today."
"Their gym teacher wore Jordan 13’s that he got in 1998 until the soles wore out. His students bought him a brand new pair for Christmas"
"I found a letter my mom gave me for therapy. Needless to say I cried. Yes I know the picture isn't good, it's okay though"
"All in a relatively short time! Im honestly quite proud!"
"Someone left this at my campsite while I was in a hike"
"A surprise 14 years in the making"
"A redditor posted a picture of a damaged bow and asked if it was still safe to use. Turns out he teaches kids at a summer camp and cant afford a replacement. This follows…"
"This was in my doctor's office, thought it was awesome"
"I’ve been drawing on rocks with kind messages on the back and putting them around my town!!"
"Not all Hereo's wear capes"
"Just took a shave a shower change my whole mood!  Went from being down to Happy , went outside and took a selfie lol! Hope you beautiful folks have a great nite! "
"Dancing has no age!"
"Found under a bridge with only three legs working, covered in fleas, and look at him now. Reginald is such a Sir"
"The talking stage can be funny sometimes."
"August last year(aged 35) when I came out to my Wife vs 7 Months HRT, On 24th July I will hit 8 Months HRT(still happily married ️), The message is it is never to late to be your true self, You only live once, grab it with both hands ️"
" ️  and  ️ "
"My 20 year old cat is eating normally again. I just smiled so hard I hurt my jaw."
"30 years old and I accomplished a dream. Today was my first day teaching!"
"4 1/2 hours of pulling weeds, dead bushes and raking. I really am smiling at this "
"what a coincidence :)"
"I decided to embark on the biggest endeavor of my life so far: going to college(!)"
"A helping hand ️"
"This kind hearted woman showing her love, dedication and patience."
"I showed this to the Romanian lady beside me in the flight, before I move to an empty aisle seat."
"Love is all that matters"
"Cute doggo burito"
"My favorite (and also good looking and funny) coworker put this on my computer today"
"Penguin chasing a butterfly (from @DannyDeraney on Twitter)"
"First time Pilot celebrating his first landing of a Boeing 787 "
"Drove me and my partner to Sandringham Estate today, went for a walk in the forest with a picnic. Proposed post-picnic. She said yes."
"This man gets it. xpost w/ r/humansbeingbros. Story in comments."
"Gentle reminder to be kind to yourself"
"My daughter had a tough time at school. Didn’t like going. She switched part way through to packed lunches so I started these to make her smile at least once during her school day. Now the other kids ask her what the joke of the day is and she has made friends. Her smile makes me smile."
Hey!
"This dance duo"
"weight loss"
"My twin daughters loving on each other."
"I just moved in with my boyfriend and I think my dog is very happy with the new arrangement."
"This server taking care of an elderly lady"
"This made my day and i hope it does the same to yours. All credits to @kinestheticlearnersllc Page"
"I was impressed by this 2 I wrote at work"
"A youtuber met his young fan who was on a budget."
"Notepad++ spitting facs"
"YOU ARE RESILIENT - sometimes we need to be reminded of this....which of course made me smile."
"Well if this doesn’t put a smile on your face"
"Many skills are worthy of compliments!"
"Shaun Weiss Mighty Ducks star Goldberg drug recovery update photos"
"For the longest time I’ve struggled with how to handle anger which lead to self harm. My therapist recommended I channel it into sports so I began taking Tae Kwon Do. I now get twice as many bruises but I’ve greatly improved my mental health and even have a medal to show for it!"
"Note the Tooth Fairy left my son last night ;)"
"This ‘missed connections’ job posting."
"I have ADHD and have always had a hard time through school, especially being online. Now, I can proudly say that I am an upper-division nursing student!"
"Made a burrito because I want to cook more. Burnt it a bit but the burrito loves me."
"Kid is impressed by Princess dress"
"My dog sleeping he’s fine he’s just very weird"
"This made me chuckle"
"My mom kept a note I gave her years ago and always travels with it"
"my dad bought me pads today :)))"
"Sweet family"
"The other kitty wanted the attention"
"That dog is so happy to be adopted finally"
"my sister passed away this September after a long battle with breast cancer. She would have been 35 on July 19th. My dad was going through a box of her stuff and found a sticker case. Little did he know it was full of vintage Lisa Frank stickers. He brought them for my 10 year old, so sweet."
"2020 Grads"
"Doggys Bro Code"
"i made it for my date i was so into about a year ago. Now it sits on my husband's desk even though i am away."
"Y’all made ME smile!"
"I told him his karma was gonna increase x10"
"Little puppy excited to receive kid after school."
"My childhood dog, Tye, died a while ago, and I was so sad because I didn't have any pictures of him-- I was going through some old stuff and found his old ball and a picture of him on my old DS. Excuse me while I cry tears of happiness of being able to see him one more time."
"The dog looks so happy"
"Kind driver"
"Kind motorist allowing this deer to use the crosswalk."
"We thought our son was saying a naughty word."
"Artist puppy"
"How to entertain your baby during the pandemic"
"People never forget how you make them feel"
"Kitty couple"
"The volunteer danced to help distract the little girl while getting her COVID nasal swab in Vietnam"
"three months post-op! i can’t even begin to explain how much i love the way i look now."
"I have bipolar disorder, and was in a pretty severe depression for over a month. I finally got the energy to clean my room and wanted to share :)"
"This is too adorable.."
"I started working for a locally owned golf course about a month ago. When they gave me my keys, they told me to bring in a ball I liked—and the owner made me a custom keychain out of my (former) lucky ball!"
"I (M17) recently started doing my nails upon showing the results to my dad he gave me tips on how to improve the design with the black and white dots"
"Found this on the floor"
"Canada goose tracks down and waits for her mate to recover"
"Finally got the motivation after a few months to put my laces back in my shoes after being in a mental hospital."
"Rescuing a dog trapped by flooding in China."
"My friend made me some art of my fursona for my birthday and I finally got around to posting it here. Enjoy Azuu celebrating Miku Expo 2021 in her own special way! (And a HUGE thank you to my friend Ray for making this for me.)"
"Greetings GetMotivated! Our heavily requested discord server is finally here! Please join today"
"[Image] The occasional wise words of Homer Simpson."
"[Image]never give up on yourself"
"[Image] Have faith and hang in there."
"[Image] Not Afraid"
"[Image] 140kg, 34 year old man who decided to do better and be better, I've dropped 25kg in 6 months and today I ran 5km 19 days after going for my first run ever! To say I'm proud of myself is an understatement!"
"[Image] No regrets"
"[Image] Got rejected? Try again!"
"[Image] Anything can be cleaned!"
"[Image] Reflecting on 2020 New Year’s Resolutions"
"[Image] Only one advice to all my mates out there looking for a sign to keep going. Stay strong "
"[Image] Focus only on what you can control in your life."
"[Image] Lessons in life will be repeated until they are learned. So make sure you learn from them and move on."
"[Discussion] Arguing With Myself"
"[Article] Strive on diligently"
"[Image] When you start seeing your worth, You'll stop seeing people who don't."
"[Image] Be strong, you inspire!"
"[Article] Fear Hold (204)"
"[Video] Lets be happy today!"
"[IMAGE] Remember what's important"
"[Discussion] Is there an app that can help remind you to return to your priority (especially one that can remind you in intervals, so you don't fall too deep down a distraction hole?)"
"[Image] comfort vs growth"
"[Video] James Clerk Maxwell Thought-Provoking Quotes"
"[Discussion] It Gets Boring and Repetitive"
"[image] the importance of small steps"
"[IMAGE] Positivity thought"
"[Image] Treat everyone with kindness"
"[Article] What is normal in the world of work"
[Image]
"[Image] change is better"
"[Image] Know better, do better."
"[Image] Now or Never"
"[Image] ""Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become.” ~ Jim Rohn"
"[Image] Most of life's greatest lessons are learned through pain. Accept this truth to grow."
"[Article] The leader"
"[Image] Sometimes falling apart leads to an even better outcome"
"[Image] Building Bricks"
"[Story] A new perspective changes everything"
"FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER I Finally Managed To Do 100 REPS Of Goblet Squats Today.  [Video]"
[Image]
"[Image] | Never be afraid to try and learn new things: here is my drawing attempt"
"[Image] Confidence"
"[Image] Mookie Wilson had it figured out many years ago. Keep it simple, and then bust out!"
"[Article] Where is Gautama Buddha?"
"[Image] Consistency is harder when no one is clapping for you. You must clap for yourself during those times. Be your biggest fan."
"[Image] Sunset"
"[Text] ""Happiness does not come from doing easy work, but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best."" - Theodore Isaac Rubin"
"[VIDEO] Motivating Spiritual Quotes That Will help you"
"[Text] Never Give Up on Your Uniqueness, No Matter What. Your uniqueness is your greatest strength in this world."
"[Image] The heaviest burdens that we carry are the thoughts in our head. Change your life by always think positively."
"[image] we’re all kinds of broken tacos, and we’re all still very much delicious"
"[image] I needed this"
"[Text] How to do something you really don't want to do"
"[IMAGE] You are loved."
"[Article] Flowing Truth (203)"
"[image] Ismael, you right! Self love important!"
"[Image] ""The Little Things"""
"[Video] Oh yes, past can hurt."
"[Article] What it means to be serious"
"[Image] Life is a Roller Coaster"
"[Discussion] how to give up control of your life"
"[Text] Burn bright, take up arms, and fight the bitch."
"[Discussion] How can I help my wife get excited about her job?"
"[VIDEO] You are more powerful than you think |David icke | Motivational"
"[Image] ""Reminders"""
"[VIDEO] Deep quotes that will make you think again"
"[Article] How to predict your future"
"[Image] Dreams of Success"
"[Image] If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you."
"[Video] Never forget your worth | Frederik Imbo"
"[Video] Picked up other people's trash for weeks in the neighbourhood."
"[Image] focus on the now"
"[Discussion] are you obsessed with your goals or do you just want them to happen?"
"[VIDEO] Powerful Motivational Speech by Les Brown"
"[Discussion] does anyone else feel like Dating is impossible while chasing your goals?"
"[Article] Clouds of heaven"
"[Image] you gotta start from the first"
"[Image]The best way to take care of the future is to take care of the present moment."
"[Discussion] You can be consistent and still fail"
"[VIDEO] Spiritual Quotes That Will Change Your Life"
"[image] Always remember how far you've come. You've made some awesome progress, dude."
"[Image] Life's Magnets"
[image]
"[Image] Don‘t give up!"
"[Image] believe"
"[Image] Take time for yourself"
"[Image] Work hard, stay disciplined, and be patient. Your time will come."
"[VIDEO] Spiritual Quotes That Will Change Your Life"
"[Image] stay the course"
"[Image] Learn From Your Failures"
"[Image] Yes we can achieve it."
"[Article] The only hook which protects us from the pain is the “Hook of New Hopes.” Stick to that firmly."
"[Image] Impact"
"[Text] Did you ever feel that some motivational content is cringey and fake?"
"“There is no end. There is no end.” [Story]"
"[Image] Learn to love the sound of your feet walking away from things not meant for you."
[Image]
"Embrace Boredom And Emptiness: Creativity Will Come! [Tool]"
"[Image] Let’s do it for our grandkids"
"[Article] Above the mountains"
"[Article] Attaining Fulfillment: 8 Pillars To Live By (Free Self-Help/Motivational Book)"
[Image]
"[Image] Never, never, never give up."
"[Image]Keep Moving Forward"
[Image]......
"[image] Be the reason"
"[Text] The place where you don't have respect , you owe not even a single second to stay there !"
"[Image] Valuble Time"
"[Text] To whoever needs to hear this this morning….You are special, amazing, cool, loved, and enough just as you are."
"[Image] Do the right things in your life, even if no one notices."
"Why It's Important To Be A Good Person [Tool]"
"[Discussion] You will stagnate and fail if you are not willing to make a sacrifice"
"[Tool] If you feel like you're just an anxious person and nothing can change that, give meditation another look"
"Starting Motivational Podcast Looking For Feedback [Image]"
"[Image] Success is not always what you see!"
"[Image] Don’t lose yourself. Things will get better in your life, just be patient."
"[IMAGE] AIM FOR THE STARS!"
"[Text] I fall down but everytime I start my new day I start with a ray of HOPE thinking that this time I will do it,there is only HOPE that's making me stick to my LIFE !"
"[Text] You don't lose any war in battlefield , you lose it much before in your mind !"
"[Article] Basic and lasting"
"[Image] 6 years ago I Used to be fat, depressed, and suicidal. in this image i was running my first 100k ultra running race. picture taken at 90k mark. a lot of people quit in the race. but if there is one thing i know full well is that quitting is not an option Until you have given everything."
"[Image] “Find The Light” - A little NTS ️"
"[Image] Growth"
"[Image] Things Happen"
"[Image] Inner peace"
"Comparison Is The Thief Of Joy [Tool]"
"[Image] Be patient till then"
"[Article] Jump start"
"[Image] everything will be alright in the end"
"[Image] Wisdom from a master drummer"
"I made a 2 minute compilation about one of my usual workouts. [Video]"
"[Text] Today I begin a new life"
"[ARTICLE] Physical exercise and antidepressants similarly effective in reducing depressive symptoms in the short-term"
"[Image] The best weight you'll ever lose is the weight of other people's opinion of you."
"[Image] Let's keep that quality with us"
"[Image] Don't forget to be grateful for what you do have."
"[TEXT] Does anyone want to work out together and keep each other Motivated and Accountable?"
"[Image] You take care of yourself :)"
"[Image] ""There are so many things on your plate right now, and a whole lot of things left to figure out, but if ever for a moment you start to feel like you cannot continue, take a deep breath, reflect, and remember just how far you’ve come."" ~ Morgan Harper Nichols"
"[IMAGE] We live every day...so make it count!"
"[Article] Worse than blindness"
"[Video] From 0 to 20 Seconds Handstand Journey"
"[Image] There is no right or wrong, only a series of possibilities"
"[Text] Not much changes over night"
"[Image] Changing the way you think about something can make a positive difference on your willingness to do it!"
"[Text] Ignorance - Underrated Skill"
"[Image] Don't Give Up!"
"[Image] Reframe your goals - The language we use to describe the things we want to achieve can make a massive difference, and can really help to make our goals seem more attainable."
"[Image] youTuber Joel Haver uses his voice for incredibly wholesome messages, but his words in his last video really stuck out."
"[Article] Foolishness"
"[Image] Love who you were, and love even more the person you are becoming."
"[text] How dis you overcome your crisis?"
"[Image] Yeah. Don't give up at any moment. Be better, stronger"
"3 reasons why you are not successful [Video]"
"[Text] Good Days are coming"
"[Discussion] Perspective Shift (202)"
"[Image] Never forget to be present and enjoy the moment."
"[Article] Dwell not on failures, but on troubleshooting"
"[Image] What light of yours are you frightened of? Don't let fear stop you from sharing it with the world!"
"[Image] I think that's that's damn true"
"[Image] Courage doesn’t always roar."
"Like A Rock  [Image]"
"[Video] Power of positivity"
"[Image] It's okay if your heart needs more time to accept what your head already knows."
"[Discussion] Has anyone been able to consciously force themselves to become interested/enjoy something?"
"[Image] Shoot your shot"
"[Video] Galileo Galilei Quotes"
"[Text] “ Do not make all your sacrifices go in vain “"
"[Article] Dishwashing"
"[Image] Be positive and Believe in Yourself!"
"[Text] It's all meaningless..."
"[Image] Quantify your fear."
"[Image] Take a break and be proud of the things you've accomplished. Every little accomplishment deserves to be celebrated."
"[tool] Using “Slow is Smooth and Smooth is Fast” in Your Goal Pursuits (TLDR at bottom)"
"[Image] - Your head is your Real Home"
"[Image] I know some heroes."
"[Image] A negative mind will never give you a positive life"
"[VIDEO] ""Don't follow your passion"" - A motivational, realistic take on the dangers of blindly following your passion (tl;dw Passion vs Opportunity)"
"[Image] It's part of the process"
"[Image] One of my favorite quotes/slogans, just do it and learn from the experience, you’re only going to get better each time"
"[Image] you can’t go back and change the beginning but you can start now and change the end. learn from the mistakes which you have committed in the past. Whatever mistakes you’ve done in the past, make sure that mistakes are not repeated."
"[Tool] Paying close attention to your morning coffee is enough to start your day with happiness"
"[Image]The Primary Cause of Unhappiness"
"[Image] ‘Love All Of Yourself” - Outsides, insides, creepy bits and the rest!"
"[Image] Chase your dreams"
"[Image] Integrity"
"[image] never stop working on yourself"
"[Image] You are your only limit in life. Don't limit yourself. Never."
"[IMAGE] !!"
"[Image] All those are on your reaction"
"[Image] Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow."
"[Image] At a coffee shop in an airport"
"[video]playing music motivates me to fly on an imagination to find new ideas to write,play and fly again . regards to all . hope you find your motivation."
"[Image] Wise words from an unexpected source."
"[Image] It all starts with you"
"[Video] Coach tells player feeling bad about his bad play: ""You set a high level for yourself. That's why you're down. That's great. Now go reach that level."""
"[IMAGE] Sometimes the right path is not always the easiest one."
"[image] Make it what YOU want it to be"
"[Video] Lindsey Stirling's message from her learning of hair hanging"
"[Image] I think we all could benefit from living life a bit more like Hideki"
"[Article] Pillars of civilization"
"[DISCUSSION] $10,000/yr VS $1,000,000,000/yr ———— LV 1 : LV 100,000 SLAVE VS MONSTER..."
"[Image]We can't go backwards."
"If you wanna achieve a good looking summer body, try this routine for fast results & no equipment is needed!  [Video]"
"[image] get back up and keep going"
"[Image] You are not the bad feelings you get in your head. - Matt Haig"
"[Image] Why you should not care about their opinions"
"[image] Never too late to do better. : )"
"[Article] Adversitas"
"[Image] Never be a prisoner of your past. It was just a lesson, not a life sentence."
"[image] What are you built for?"
"[Image] Sobriety,take it..."
"[Video] How I Beat Fear& Why You Should Try Something New!"
"[Image] You are made of beautiful, incredible, impossible things and your trauma does not get to trick you into believing that it is the only thing about you that matters.”~ Nikita Gill"
"[image] Be Yourself."
"Aiming High Means Falling Far [Discussion]"
"[Video] Never think it's too late....."
"[Image] Don't let the existential dread set in"
"[Image] - Take fate into your own hands"
"[Image] It is up to you to see the beauty of everyday things."
[Image]
"[Article] Surprisingly imperfect creations"
"[image] I quit my corporate job, started a company, and am now traveling full time. Get out there!"
"[Image] Even the smallest amount matters. Do it for yourself."
[Image]
"Define yourself! [Text] Edited Repost."
"[Image] Powerful quote."
"[Image] That's very true"
"[IMAGE] Fall 6, stand up 7"
"[Video] Wrong keys will not open right door......."
"[Video] it is not the critic who counts"
[Image]
"[Discussion] The Ups need the Downs (201)"
"[IMAGE] Don't be afraid to start over again."
"[Image] Don't ruin a good today by thinking about a bad yesterday. Let it go."
[Image]
"[Video] 6 Rumi Poems"
"[Discussion] Tell me a time when you rose back from the ashes?"
[Image]
"[Image] Everything you want"
"[Discussion] Books on motivation"
"[Discussion] Books on motivation"
"[Image] Perseverance is key!"
[Image]
[Image]
"[Video] If you doubt yourself......"
"[IMAGE] you can start over everyday"
"[Image] Never give up on a dream because of time. It will take to accomplish. Time will pass anyway."
"[Image] You Have To start!!!"
"[Video] An unpopular old motivation video which I always listen to for the past 10 years , IMO there is no equal since he's not focused on making u feel unlike most of the popular things"
"[Image] I NEVER dreamed about success, I worked for it!!!"
"[Image] Having Patience is the way to success."
"[Image] If you Don't Like Something!!!"
"[Image] Important not to limit YOURSELF!!!"
"[Tool] If you struggle to deal with difficult emotions, you're not alone - it might seem like other people are in control / take everything in stride but they're suffering and muddling through as well"
"[Video] Overcoming Procrastination and Laziness to take that first step!"
"[Tool] How Bad Bosses Could be the Best Thing for Your Career (TLDR at bottom)"
"[Video] Don't save your best move for some other day........."
"[Image] Because I Didn't Give Up"
"[Image] Be the light"
"[Image] The things that terrify you now will be like no big deal in a year, but only if you keep going."
"[image] be the light."
"[Article] You did everything right, but you forgot to give one push to it. To enjoy the playground slide, you must make one push."
"[Image] YouR worK Than follow Your Passions!!!"
"Luck is Bullshit - Start taking responsibility for your life [Text]"
"[Video] How I lost My arm and still live a ""Normal"" life"
"Another 6 Concepts That Have Helped Me [Tool]"
"[Image] ""The world will knock you down plenty. You don’t need to be doing it to yourself.” ~ Elizabeth Scott"
"[Video] Earl Nightingale Share His Secret To Success"
"[Image] Stronger Than You Believe"
"[image] Life becomes easier when you decide to realize that everything is in your hands."
"[Discussion] (OC) The importance of focusing"
"[Image] This Comic is saving lives!"
"[Image] No regrets…"
"[story] The Beat Goes On"
"[image] move on"
"The 80/20 Principle [Tool]"
"[Image]""When You Wanna Be Successful As Bad As You Wanna Breathe, Then You'll Be Successful"" - Eric Thomas"
"10 Ways To Improve Your Emotional Health And Become More Motivated [Tool]"
"[Text] Waking up and realizing you’re in a rut"
"[Article] How To Get Productive When You Are Not Motivated At All"
"[TEXT] (OC) A Different Kind of Self-Confidence"
"Workouts [Text]"
"[Text] Life is one big pie."
"[Video] Rocky's Motivational Speech To His Son - Rocky Balboa (2006)"
"[Text] It’s okay to be slow"
"[Tool] Removing Regret from Your Life (TLDR at bottom)"
"[Text] Make your biggest dream come true by working on its smallest parts."
"[Discussion] What do folks here think of The War of Art?"
"[image] keep going"
"[Image] Set a goal, and in small, consistent steps, work to reach it. Get support from your peers when you start flagging. Repeat. You will change.” - Seth Godin"
"[image] even when that one small step is taking a shower, you’re making progress."
"""This isn't uplifting!"""
"The Philippines Wins Its First-Ever Olympic Gold, After Nearly 100 Years Of Trying"
"California to require vaccination proof for health workers | California also to require proof for state workers [statewide]"
"Bermuda wins its first-ever Olympic gold after nearly 100 years of trying"
"New poll finds majority of Canadians support legal access to psilocybin therapy"
"22 year old grad student at shanghai University launched a collaborative spreadsheet to help coordinate help for victims of recent henan flooding"
"German gymnastics team, tired of 'sexualisation,' covers up in unitards"
"Florida startup treating illness with magic mushrooms receives $2.5 million"
"Father builds exoskeleton to help wheelchair-bound son walk"
"Missouri Realtor Transforms Abandoned Properties Into Tiny Home Villages That Give Permanent Housing To Chronic Homeless"
"‘Slow down … the cop hides behind this sign’: Deli brings viral humor to small town"
"Norwegian church holds name change ceremony for a transgender woman. Pastor Stein Ovesen, who led the ceremony, said it is ""an important act that expresses the grace and openness that God shows me."""
"LGBTQ Representation in Olympics Can ""Change Lives,"" Tom Daley Says"
"Bob Marley’s Widow Rita Marley, Announces New Scholarship To Empower Women Of Lower Middle Class On Her 75th Birthday"
"Greenland Halts New Oil and Gas Exploration to Combat Climate Change"
"(WSJ) A year-long John’s Hopkins study of 48,000 children found zero Covid deaths in those without a pre-existing medical condition such as leukemia."
"Samoa now has it's first female prime minister"
"Feds approve Vancouver psychedelics company's trial use of ecstasy to treat PTSD"
"In scientific first, brain implant turns paralyzed man’s thoughts into ‘speech’"
"Artificial Heart Prosthetic Implant Successful in 39-Year Old First-Ever US Patient"
"Famous basketball player keeps his glasses on the court after learning he inspires young kids who wear eyeglasses too - though having fixed his vision."
"Average ransomware payment declined by 38% in second quarter of 2021, new Coveware report says"
"Australia sets new wind output record, breaks through 6,000MW for first time"
"Police and bystanders save baby trapped under car after driver hits mother and baby"
"Hero dog saved his owners' lives in devastating house fire. Shadow, a white German Shepherd, alerted his sleeping owners to a quickly-spreading blaze allowing them to escape"
"Tobacco firm Philip Morris calls for ban on cigarettes within decade | Philip Morris International"
"New York City Mental Health Response Teams Show Better Results Than Police"
"BBC News: Climate change: Hebden Bridge boy, 11, starts 200 mile walk"
"Macy the Yorkshire terrier becomes a hero after rescuing 10-year-old Lily Kwan from a coyote."
"Tennessee resumes most vaccine outreach to minors paused after GOP backlash"
"Denver police giving out Advance Auto Parts gift cards instead of tickets for broken tail lights"
"Thousands join Budapest Pride march against anti-LGBTQ law"
"NJ teen raises $12K to get homeless veterans off the streets"
"France bans crushing and gassing of male chicks from 2022"
"The Senate’s E-BIKE Act could make electric bikes a lot cheaper"
"Aviation enthusiast potentially saves pilot's life after seeing sparks coming from his plane"
"First domestic abuse shelter for men opens in Australia"
"After his sister's death, tech entrepreneur works to help patients communicate their health history"
"Biden approves $100m emergency funds to resettle Afghan refugees"
"'People are just walking out in the middle of shifts': What it's like to work in a restaurant right now"
"‘Mighty Ducks’ actor Shaun Weiss graduates from Yuba drug court program, gets case dropped"
"Drone Pilot Spots and Saves Man Being Attacked by Shark"
"Maine bans toxic ‘forever chemicals’ under groundbreaking new law | Maine"
"El Pinto waiter recognized for saving woman's life"
"How Do Animals Safely Cross a Highway? Take a Look."
"Man missing in B.C. backcountry for 2 weeks found by wildfire crew"
"Tokyo Olympics 2021 Mirabai Chanu indian weightlifter wins silver lifting 202 kgs"
"Sierra Leone abolishes death penalty"
"Sha’Carri Richardson trending after Megan Rapinoe speaks about using CBD in the training regimen"
"Farming and solar power set to combine in Netherlands-based pilot project"
"Ever wonder what your adopted dog looked like as a puppy? This rescue shelter is ""Turning Bark Time"" to show you."
"Police are calling a Florida lawn care worker named Tony a hero after saving a man's life despite allegedly being yelled at by homeowners to do it somewhere else."
"Two critically endangered California condor nests spotted near Zion National Park. It's the first time biologists saw multiple condor nests in the same breeding season."
"DURING AN OPEN commission meeting Wednesday, the Federal Trade Commission voted unanimously to enforce laws around the Right to Repair, thereby ensuring that US consumers will be able to repair their own electronic and automotive devices."
"Beloved piano player at Atlanta airport gifted $60K from complete strangers"
"""I was reborn aged 102,"" - Russian WW2 veteran beats COVID-19 after week in ICU"
"NYC’s Non-Police Mental Health Pilot Increasing Rate of Those Getting Aid, Data Show"
"Terrier Lost While on Vacation For 290 Days is Found Through Social Media"
"House of the Dragon Series - Resumes Production After Coronavirus Shutdown - Cinemablind"
"Chicago area man who walked 6 hours a day to and from work gets car fixed"
"PG&E Will Bury 10,000 Miles of Power Lines So They Don't Spark Wildfires"
"Lansing Area Garbage Truck Employee Saves Dog’s Life"
"The Magic Ingredients For Innovative Batteries? Humble Rust And Salt"
"Britney Spears’ fight to end her conservatorship will benefit the lives of elderly and disabled individuals similarly abused"
"Guardians selected as new name for Cleveland baseball: See instant social media reaction"
"Maine Makes U.S. Recycling Actually Work Again"
"Great News for Ancient Forests and Climate: Tongass Protections Restored"
"Car chip shortage to abate, smartphones could be next"
"Bull Still on the Loose on Long Island, 1 Day After Escaping Slaughter"
"Study on Samoa: above 90% of renewable generation coupled with battery or pumped hydro energy storage is technically feasible, & economically viable—it would cost far less than current electricity production"
"12-Year Old to Become Youngest Composer of New York City Orchestra"
"Need craft supplies? Yarn libraries are popping up in the lower mainland (Vancouver)."
"Granddaughter gets married at hospital for terminally ill grandmother"
"Iranian photojournalist wins award for picture of Kurdish couple"
"Olympic Origami: Tokyo Volunteers Welcome Visitors Into The Fold"
"Maine folks cheer oversize load bringing MRI machine, even when it fouls up traffic"
"GOAT #SimoneBiles gets her own Twitter EMOJI"
"Chevy Silverado Superfan Sees Stranger's Broken Pickup Truck In Parking Lot, Fixes It On The Spot For Free"
"Volunteer firefighters honored for heroic efforts during March fires"
"My nephew who was recently diagnosed with L-CMD made it in the news! My face hurts from smiling. Need all the awareness we can get for such a rare disease. Less than 200 cases worldwide."
"Australian Vet Successfully Sews One Stitch in Tiny Tree Frog Whose Lung Was Exposed, Loving ‘all Creatures Great and Small’"
"Study dispels myth that electric cars pollute as much as gas-powered cars due to 'dirty' grid"
"Connecticut announces $17M in debt forgiveness for community college students enrolled during COVID-19 pandemic"
"Argentina creates an ID for nonbinary people"
"A moment that changed me: meeting the rescue dog who comforted me through unfathomable loss"
"Lansing School District announces free universal pre-K this fall"
"Neil Gaiman's 'Anansi Boys' Will be Adapted into a Series By Amazon - Cinemablind"
"Google Maps can now show New Yorkers how busy individual subway cars are so they can avoid crowds of people in the pandemic"
"Syrian woman opens 1st vegetarian restaurant in hometown"
"Blink-182's Mark Hoppus Reveals That Chemotherapy is Curing His Cancer!"
"France to Ban Shredding and Gassing of Male Chicks"
"Taiwan bumps BioNTech vaccine order to 15 million with Buddhist donation"
"South Carolina State University forgives loans of 2,500 former students"
"This NYPD officer used an empty potato chip bag and tape to save a stabbing victim's life"
"Victory! Californians Can Now Choose Their Broadband Destiny"
"CT state college system forgives $17M in community college student debt from pandemic"
"Studio Ghibli anime museum gets saved by crowdfunding money. Over $200,000 raised to help save the Studio Ghibli Museum, the money is needed for necessary repairs and maintenance."
"Street dogs find homes, vocations after being rescued by Mexican army"
"7-year-old cancer survivor donates thousands of toys to hospital"
"Unilever to bring in carbon footprint labels for food"
"B.C. restaurants remove wild salmon from their menus as a political statement about over-fishing"
"$10 million in student debt is wiped out for 2,500 South Carolina students using stimulus funds"
"Germany: Muslim youth organisation volunteers provide aid to flood victims in Nurburg"
"A new start after 60: ‘I handed in my notice – and opened my dream bookshop’ - She always loved reading. So at 65, when Carole-Ann Warburton finally opened her own shop, she had 8,000 books ready to fill it"
"Chemists found an effective remedy for ""aged"" brain diseases | EurekAlert! Science News"
"Choking Girl Saved by Cop"
"Paralyzed Mom-to-Be Beats Odds and Walks Down Aisle at Her Wedding: 'Believe in Miracles'"
"The right to bear arms in self-defense is embedded in the Czech constitution"
"Dog missing for 5 days discovered alive inside walls of Cincinnati home"
"Missouri Inmates Sew Custom Quilts For Foster Children: ‘It Kind Of Breaks Your Heart’"
"Studio Ghibli anime museum gets saved by crowdfudning money"
"California launches largest free school lunch program in US"
"China to Develop World's First Molten Salt Nuclear Reactor that Could Emerge as Clean and Safe Source of Power"
"Madrid building a huge urban forest in bid to combat climate change"
"Tunisian tennis star Ons Jabeur ​auctions off Wimbledon racket to aid Covid-hit home country"
"Wheelchair-stroller built by students for new parent with impaired mobility"
"Kenya: Introducing urban farming solutions to provide income and healthy produce"
"This restaurant owner spends his free time fixing old cars and donating them to people in need"
"Truffles The Rescue Cat Helps Kids Facing Eyesight Problems In Mechanicsburg"
"Two rescued bears head for US from crisis-hit Lebanon"
"Breaking News about The Other Latif | Radiolab | WNYC Studios"
"Children With Mild or Asymptomatic COVID Have Strong Antibodies Months Later"
"New Mexico wilderness area grows with large donation"
"EU adopts forest strategy to protect old forests, plant 3 billion new trees"
"Fully vaccinated Americans may enter Canada as of mid-August"
"Crispr stops covid"
"Street dogs find homes, vocations after being rescued by Mexican army"
"Potential UBI pilot in Hartford would give small number of Hartford families up to $500 a month"
"Prime Minister Boris Johnson has urged caution as most legal restrictions on social contact are lifted in England."
"Cop rescues child accidentally locked in hot car, then offers to help pay to replace broken window"
"Campaign to save California's cougars raises millions to build wildlife bridge over freeway"
"Virginia Gov. Northam announces $700 million plan for universal broadband by 2024"
"California legislature approves ‘historic’ broadband internet bill"
"Hubble has new lease on life"
"Trump showerhead rule on more water flow goes down the drain"
"How Ohio State’s Harry Miller is using new NIL rights to raise money to help children in Nicaragua"
"He found a bench to clear his head. Now Florida residents line up to share their problems with him."
"Selma Blair celebrates recovery milestone after horseback riding: ‘Really proud’"
"Maine becomes first state in the country to pass law that charges corporations that do not use sustainable packaging materials"
"Flood victim fundraiser collects more than 1.5 million euros in one day"
"As Extreme Heat Kills Hundreds, Oregon Steps Up Push To Protect People"
"NASA Returns Hubble Space Telescope to Science Operations"
"Illinois becomes the first state to Ban police from lying to juveniles during interrogation."
"On board with net zero: the transport boss trying to drive down emissions"
"‘Hubble is back!’ Famed space telescope has new lease on life after computer swap appears to fix glitch"
"New HIV diagnoses in gay and bisexual men are at their lowest in 20 years."
"Croatia bans the sale of single-use plastic products"
"Why the Scouts are launching a money badge after Covid"
"Greenland bans all oil exploration"
"Mozambique: Over 825,000 Seedlings Planted to Restore Native and Exotic Species"
"Kayak court Utah"
"Once a fixture on a West Seneca corner, man leaves sign behind saying he's found a job"
"'Books and Badges' brings hundreds of books to kids in a low-income Sarasota community"
"Santos surrenders right to explore for oil in the Great Australian Bight"
"Customer melts restaurant owner’s heart with unusual food delivery order"
"Maine Abolishes Civil Forfeiture, Now Requires A Criminal Conviction To Take Property"
"'Hubble is back!' Famed space telescope has new lease on life after computer swap appears to fix glitch."
"Hundreds offer to donate cars to South Carolina mechanic who fixes them for those in need"
"Consumer Goods Forum Illustrates Power to Create Better Lives Through Better Business In Online Film Series"
"Renewables cheapest source of new power in 90% of world markets - Institute for Energy Economics & Financial Analysis"
"Marijuana: Tennessee rep wants pot poll placed on November ballot to guide lawmakers"
"Paralysed IndyCar Driver Races Again in Hi-Tech Corvette"
"Shell and Scottish Power submit plans for floating offshore windfarms"
"Furniture business helps rebuild broken lives (X-post from r/woodworking)"
"1st female sailor completes Navy special warfare training"
"California approves 1st state-funded guaranteed income plan"
"African scientists have created a CRISPR-edited banana that's resistant to a disease ravaging farms across the continent"
"U.S. coal production last year slid to lowest level since 1965 - Institute for Energy Economics & Financial Analysis"
"Two years ago, swimmer Rikako Ikee was diagnosed with leukemia. Now, she's qualified for the Tokyo Olympics japan"
"Inspringing story of a man helping a homeless man living in a tent"
"World's first underwater farm reopens growing lettuce and strawberries - ""A unique structure consisting of six underwater greenhouses off the coast of Noli, Italy, was created by the Ocean Reef Group in 2012."""
"A Recovery Plan Has Been Introduced For Caracals In India"
"Maine governor signs nation's first EPR law for consumer packaging"
"What pairs with beetle? Startups seek to make bugs tasty"
"'They're baaaaack': Two dozen goats eat their way through New York park"
"Korindo: Korean palm oil giant stripped of sustainability status"
"US to begin evacuation of Afghans who aided US military"
"“Neuroprosthesis” Restores Words to Man with Paralysis - Technology Could Lead to More Natural Communication for People Who Have Suffered Speech Loss"
"Stanton family once in need of help, pays it forward by helping theft victims"
"CARMAT Announces the First Human Implant of Its Total Artificial Heart in the United States"
"Barbie Releases a 90% Recycled Plastic Collection, and has Sustainability Goal of 100% Recycled Plastic by 2030"
"Marcus Rashford Mural Repaired: ""The people of Manchester have shown the world who they really are"""
"NBA 2K22 Features The First Ever WNBA Player As A Variant Cover With Candace Parker"
"A bus driver in Italy has been praised for getting 25 schoolchildren to safety after noticing a problem with his vehicle before it burst into flames."
"Big Dog Ranch Rescue changes fate of dogs facing euthanization with programs such as Seniors for Seniors and Veteran Dog Training, abandoned dogs get a new purpose."
"First-Of-Its-Kind Elephant Rewilding Project Plans To Release A Herd Of 13 Captive Elephants From The UK Back To Their Ancestral Homeland Of Kenya"
"NASA and ESA sign agreement on climate science cooperation"
"EU unveils ambitious climate package as it cools on fossil fuels"
"Owner of Ohio Pizzeria Gives Full Day of Sales to Employees to Show His Gratitude"
"The cat Baloo disappeared after harrowing attack on his owner. Three years later, they found each other again."
"Church buys and cancels medical debt of families in New Mexico and Arizona. Hundreds of households in New Mexico and Arizona recently had their medical debts eliminated, thanks to St. Bede’s Episcopal Church in Santa Fe."
"'Sometimes the Good Guys Win': Byhalia Connection Pipeline Canceled"
"World's biggest green energy hub on WA coast 'could power Australia'"
"NASA, ESA partner in effort to address climate change"
"Snoop Dogg's Daughter Cori Broadus Fights Off Body Shamers: ""My Sh*t Just Big As F*ck"""
"Campaigners hail end of opencast coalmines in UK after latest victory"
"Despite Dry conditions, Human-Start Wildfires Are Down So Far In 2021"
"Covid: Masks to remain compulsory on London transport"
"Maine among first states to make school meals free for all students"
"First baby beaver born on Exmoor in 400 years - BBC News"
"Cleveland’s Plain Dealer decided to “completely ignore” politicians’ “false statements and stunts.” It’s working."
"Illinois just became first state to require Asian American history to be taught in schools"
"Russia’s most aggressive ransomware group disappeared. It’s unclear who disabled them."
"Scientists develop pain-free blood sugar test for diabetics. Australian researchers hope low-cost saliva test will replace current needle-based test for diabetes sufferers."
"Utah woman receives High School diploma at 92-years-old after decades of service, raising 17 kids"
"Mj Rodriguez Becomes First Trans Woman Up for Major Acting Emmy"
"In the global move to replace plastic packaging, seaweed represents an untapped opportunity"
"Teacher builds mobile graduation stage so students can receive their diplomas"
"Man in China reunited with son snatched 24 years ago"
"Organic farmers in Gatineau donate property to eco land trust"
"Biden administration says states can restart pandemic unemployment benefits as lawsuits mount"
"A grassroots ecosystem of Black urban growers, farmers markets, entrepreneurs and community leaders has sprung up in St. Louis to increase production & access to affordable fresh produce in their communities. Their mission: to create a self-sustaining and economically beneficial food infrastructure."
"Deputy helps hoof wayward cows home along Michigan road"
"Self-healing concrete plugs cracks with CO2 sucked from the air"
"Give a man a fishing rod and he will keep mfs from burning down the Amazon!"
"US Forest Service: Our partners Entomological Society will look at common names of insects to ensure they don’t contain slurs or offensive terms, beginning with Lymantria dispar. We support this effort, which aligns with our agency values of diversity & inclusivity, & will follow the society's lead."
"Aleph Farms, a cultivated meat company that grows steaks directly from non-genetically modified animal cells, completes A $105 million Funding round. Aleph Farms intends to use the funds to scale up manufacturing, grow its global operations, and expand its product lines and technology ahead of that"
"Olympic mom helps other Olympic moms"
"Fitness Instructor Raises $113K for Cancer, One Instagram Workout At A Time"
"Massive Georgia plant to turn plastic into fuels, chemicals"
"UN sets out a Paris-style plan to cut the extinction rate of wildlife tenfold with an aim to address how to feed the world’s growing population while protecting the environment and biodiversity"
"It costs thousands of dollars just to apply to medical school — new group has a plan to fix that"
"Canada to donate almost 18 million surplus AstraZeneca doses to low- and middle-income countries"
"A new class of drug successfully targets treatment-resistant prostate cancers and prolongs the life of patients."
"Binx The Cat, A Survivor Of The Florida Condo Collapse, Was Reunited With His Family"
"How solar panels on farmland could help California fix its water and power crises"
"Canada announces steps to reduce wildfire risk after heat wave | Climate News"
"Researchers discover a tripeptide with one of 'highest levels of piezoelectric ability ever seen', which could power electronic implants solely from the body's heartbeats, jaw movements, bowel movement, and musculoskeletal movement"
"Nanoparticles Simplify Desalination: Simultaneously Removing Toxic Metals and Salt to Produce Clean Water"
"BBC | “Indians don’t talk about sex - so I help them”"
"Israeli court annuls parts of surrogacy law excluding gays"
"The Education Department said Friday it will forgive $55.6 million in loans owed by former students of three for-profit schools that took advantage of them with misleading representations."
"Thousands of protesters take to the streets in Cuba"
"Americans' Life Ratings Reach Record High"
"Farmer to donate entire crop profit to mental health charities after mate's death"
"An Alabama teen raised $39,000 for kids with cancer by cutting off his beloved 19-inch Afro"
"Charlottesville Moves To Take Down A Third Controversial Statue : NPR"
"No bids for over 70% of Indian coal mines up for auction"
"For years, this doctor has showed up after strangers’ weddings and — with permission — brought flowers back to her patients"
"Hawaiian Legislature Passes Seven New Animal Protection Laws Including A Ban On Killing Sharks In State Waters"
"A woman was looking to adopt a new pet. Then she found the dog she lost two years ago"
"Germany to make 100% Renewable Energy by 2030 and make life in Germany cheaper"
"On This German Farm, Cows Are in Charge. Or at Least Coequals."
"Brooklyn Museum returns 1,305 looted artifacts back to Costa Rica"
"Putting laid off coal miners back to work ina diversified economy"
"World’s first underwater farm is growing fruits and veggies once again"
"In the 1940s, Women Wore Wedding Dresses Made Out of Their Husband's WWII Parachutes"
"Pollution-eating car shown off at Goodwood Festival"
"Quest for “green” cement draws big name investors to $300B industry"
"Solar Is Dirt-Cheap and About to Get Even More Powerful"
"Target joins Walmart, Coca-Cola and Mattel in making commitments in the past year to slash virgin plastic use, cut 25% by 2025"
"German coal plant closes after just six years, to produce green hydrogen from wind"
"Nova Scotia lumberjack teaches crows how to logroll | CBC Radio"
"High school graduates use senior trip money to help their community instead"
"Cat that lived in collapsed Surfside condo tower is found safe, reunited with family"
"Korean Scientist Invents Toilet That Turns Poop Into Green Energy and digital currency"
"American Indians have the highest Covid vaccination rate in the US"
"U.S. Considers Visas for Vulnerable Afghan Women After Military Exit"
"National Spelling Bee Gets Its First African American Champion"
"Santa Fe Church Forgives Entire State of New Mexico Medical Debt"
"Goldendoodle loose for 16 days in Yellowstone found safe"
"Bjorn the blind sea lion gets a second chance at life at Point Defiance Zoo"
"Family of crying German girl found ahead of England's semi-final clash"
"Fort McMurray father and son recovering after waking from weeks-long comas due to COVID-19"
"Marijuana not performance-enhancing: declares Nevada after legalizing cannabis use for MMA athletes"
"Overall cancer death rates continue to decline in men and women for all racial and ethnic groups in the United States."
"""A selfless life-saving donation"" A man who won tickets to watch England's semi-final win over Denmark gave them up so he could fulfill a promise to donate stem cells."
"Report: Death rates are declining for many common cancers in U.S."
"You Will Be Able to Buy Apple Products Tax Free in Select Us States from Later This Month"
"Airlines break thousands of wheelchairs per year, leaving disabled passengers stranded. Activists and politicians are fighting for change."
"A Reddit user granted 'One Simple Wish' and his story triggered a tidal wave of generosity"
"14-year-old basketball prodigy wins Scripps National Spelling Bee"
"They were afraid of getting the COVID-19 vaccine. How a talk with the family doctor changed their minds"
"Giant pandas no longer endangered but still vulnerable, says China"
"Ontario sees no new COVID-19 deaths for first time in 9 months"
"New York AG could try to sue gun manufacturers under new law"
"Man takes dog dying of cancer for one last walk up mountain in wheelbarrow"
"Cyprus to compensate families of Egyptian victims of wildfire"
"5-year-old undergoes lifesaving surgery to remove massive growth on face, neck"
"Mobile vaccine clinics seeing good turnout: N.B.'s top doctor"
"Europe’s soft drinks industry is committed to making the healthier choice, the easy choice"
"Gabon Becomes First African Nation to Be Rewarded for Rainforest Protection, Receives $17 Million for Emissions Reductions"
"McDonald's will be inserting pamphlets inside its takeout bags to encourage Ontarians to get vaccinated. Sources tell 680 NEWS there is no financial arrangement between the province and the fast-food chain."
"Making history: Chileans start work on first constitution equally drafted by women, men"
"Global wind and solar power capacity grew at record rate in 2020: BP’s annual report reveals renewable energy boom in pandemic coincided with slump in demand for oil"
"Microsoft is giving employees a $1,500 pandemic bonus"
"Ducklings rescued after small bird"
"Chip supplies to improve every quarter"
"Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter celebrate 75 years of marriage"
"‘High-impact’ wildlife projects aim to restore habitats across England"
"Two-year-old girl possibly saves her mother’s life after she collapses at train station"
"Footballer Marcus Rashford sent a PS5 to a 9-year-old boy to thank him for his charity work fighting child poverty."
"2021 U.S. Cancer Report Finds a Lot of Good News"
"Comfort dogs from several states arrive in South Florida to help Surfside rescue workers"
"From the tragic ruins of the biggest non-nuclear explosion in the history of Man Kind- the Phoenix of the Lebanese resilience rises. Handmade water pitcher and olive oil dispensers made from the glass of the damaged buildings due to the August 4th Explosion in the Port of Beirut."
"Boys spend hours helping turtles cross busy road."
"Father and son rescue missing boater 40 miles off NC coast after being nearly run over by his unmanned boat"
"Lobsters’ feelings loom large as British Parliament debates animal welfare bill"
"FBI Loosens Marijuana Employment Policy For Would-Be Agents"
"Atari Game Donated to Goodwill Store Fetches More Than $10,000 At Auction"
"Biden Sets Up Tech Showdown With ‘Right-to-Repair’ Rules for FTC"
"Gary L. Cooper Of Virginia Faces Up To One Year In Prison For Using Online Platforms To Sell Items Made From Elephant & Whale Ivory"
"More police K9s forced into retirement following legalization of recreational marijuana"
"COVID vaccine up to 96% effective on the Delta COVID-19 variants: study (effectiveness on original variant was 95% for Pfizer vaccine)"
"Swiss start-up develops world’s first ‘personalised skin’ machine for burn victims and skin wounds"
"Man in Canada offers to pay for rehab to a lady that stole his dog"
"Farmer from India Gifts Maize From His Plantation to the vaccination team."
"Desmond Doss: The real-life Hacksaw Ridge soldier who saved 75 lives and received the Medal of Honor for his efforts in Okinawa."
"Electricity from Renewable Energy Sources is Now Cheaper than Ever"
"COVID vaccine hangover: Stronger symptoms mean the shot is working, expert says"
"EFF Gets $300,000 Boost from Craig Newmark Philanthropies to Protect Journalists and Fight Consumer Spyware"
"Minnesota halts school lunch shaming over student debts"
"Green broadbill bird declared ‘extinct’ decades ago is spotted in Singapore"
"Massive DNA study finds rare gene variants that protect against obesity"
"U.S. House Committee Advances Bill To Dedicate $11 Million To Pursue Safe & Reversible Fertility Control Of Wild Horses Instead Of Harmful Roundups Leading To Slaughter"
"The Fight for Medical Use of Magic Mushrooms Is Moving to the Courts | The Tyee"
"Iceland Cuts Working Hours With No Productivity Loss, Same Pay"
"Coworkers donate kidneys to each other's husband after finding out they were matches during a chat in the bathroom - CNN"
"Teen heading to the military raised $38,000 by cutting off his 19-inch Afro. He gave the money to help kids with cancer."
"Craft Brewery uses Carbon Capture technology to reuse CO2 usage and safe 10 Tons per year!"
"Pennsylvania woman looking for new pet to adopt finds dog she lost years ago at shelter"
"Norway has a New photo editing law for social media influencers"
"New carbon capture facility in Scotland will remove 1m tons of CO2 from the air yearly"
"Solar Panels over canals in India, which doesn't use extra land, prevent water evaporation and increasing the efficiency of the solar panels by keeping them cooler"
"Elephants to be moved from UK zoo to Kenyan wild in 'world first'"
"Iceland's four-day working week trials an 'overwhelming success', report finds"
"Canada for the first time has appointed an Indigenous leader, Mary Simon to the position of Govener General representing the Queen in Canada. Mary, a survivor of a government day schools remarked how this is an important step forward on the long path to reconciliation."
"Amputee Who Can Only Walk for 20 Minutes at a Time Climbs England’s Three Highest Peaks"
"Protests in Kuwait after woman freed from 'nine-year captivity' in family home"
"Psychedelic spurs growth of neural connections lost in depression"
"Over $100K raised for volleyball player Deven Gonzalez, her family after Surfside collapse"
"Independence Day parade stops to save a man’s life"
"Bison baby boom: 13 new calves join Banff National Park"
"Australia Sends $34.7 Million to Fight Hunger in Indo-Pacific Region"
"Delhi HC orders all stray dogs to have right to food and be taken care of, without any nuisance - Times of India"
"GPU prices in Germany are the lowest since February"
"Worlds largest ever 4 day work week trial 'hugely succesful'"
"Critically endangered saiga Antelope makes comeback"
"After 60 years, a DNA test may have uncovered a secret identity, solved a cold case and reunited a family"
"Tesla Energy takes a stand against coal and gas generators in Australia"
"A Look Inside the Tiny Homes for Unhoused People in L.A."
"Litter of puppies and their mom survive Lytton, B.C. wildfire despite not being evacuated"
"Indians plant 250 million saplings in green campaign"
"A 112-year-old in Puerto Rico sets Guinness World Record as oldest living man"
"The mRNA Vaccines Are Extraordinary, but Novavax Is Even Better"
"Johnson & Johnson vaccine seems to stand up against delta variant, preliminary research suggests"
"DoorDash was forced to honor its own arbitration clause after over 5,000 drivers took the company to arbitration, to cost it $12 million just in filing fees."
"New Jersey approves US's largest combined offshore wind farm"
"Costa Rica archaeologists in awe as Brooklyn Museum returns 1,305 artifacts"
"Cancer therapy that does not cause hair loss may be on the way."
"Flying car completes first-ever test flight between airports in 35 minutes"
"Dogs rescued from a meat festival now safe in Toronto"
"This architect is trying to save cougars from becoming roadkill on California freeways"
"Indians plant millions of saplings amid mass campaign"
"Two Boy Scouts saved a drowning woman's life after pulling her out of Missouri floodwaters"
"Honda is working on a shoe navigation system for visually impaired people. This device is connected to the user’s shoes and assists them in navigating to their chosen location."
"Thousands in donations raised for German girl crying at Euro match (who was cyber-bullied)"
"Rare endemic wildlife is thriving in Masungi Georeserve"
"Former addict graduates from the University of Washington. Shares that she wants to create a more rehabilitative environment for prisons with the help of her degree."
"Coronavirus: Hamburg’s fish market reopens after 15 months"
"War and sanctions have forced a switch to solar power in Syria"
"Purrfect: Cat summits to New Hampshire’s tallest mountains"
"Dutch court rejects Facebook’s bid to have privacy lawsuit in the Netherlands dismissed"
"Magic mushrooms: UAB studying benefits for addiction and pain"
"Pope Francis doing well after surgery"
"Critically endangered Hawksbill turtles recorded copulating in Singapore waters for first time"
"Florida Dog Missing for 7 Years Reunited with Owner, Found Over 1,000 Miles Away in Michigan"
"US Plans to Make Airlines Refund Fees if Bags Are Delayed"
"Transgender woman creates history as she wins Miss Nevada USA beauty pageant"
"Ducks invade neighborhood; not everyone quacked up about it"
"Pinterest bans all weight loss ads"
"Dog ejected from vehicle during crash in Idaho found 2 days later herding sheep"
"Black Man Received A Bike After Bikers Found Out He Walks Nearly 17 Miles Between Two Jobs"
"More Evidence That Spending Money On Others Makes Us Happier Than Spending On Ourselves"
"Pop- Punk Style 2021 | Elle Magazine Fashion Article | London Rock"
"Ocean Man First Nation completes solar projects as part of SaskPower partnership"
"Young Male Lion Being Kept As A ""Pet"" In Cambodia Is Saved & Relocated To A Wildlife Rescue Center"
"Twitch streamer MikeyPerk confirms missing daughter Sarah finally found"
"NFL proudly declares 'football is gay' in new video"
"Safer school reopening pilot program gets $3M boost to expand"
"HHS Announces Rule to Protect Consumers from Surprise Medical Bills"
"Shanghai doctors set record with curved spine surgery on a 13 year old girl who had an extremely curved spine due to a rare disease. The surgery corrected 176-degree curve of the spine by 53%"
"A mom has gone viral on TikTok after she brought her 1-year-old son to a job interview [and then got the job]"
"Cannabis reform? It's the right time for full federal legalization to help economy and people"
"Scientists have developed a medicine for people with celiac disease that protects them from gluten"
"Saw This on Good Day LA Today. This Guy is Spreading Kindness Around the World!"
"Rescue cat reaches summit of all 48 4,000-foot peaks in New Hampshire"
"Tierra del Fuego approves bill banning salmon farming in its waters"
"Finally a good headline!"
"Joy on 84 legs; A dog parade and party celebrated a beloved friend"
"California becomes first state to offer free school breakfast and lunch to all students"
"Climate change resistant crops being cultivated in Middle East"
"TX Court Tosses Lawsuit from Judge Who Refused to Perform Same-Sex Weddings"
"Starting Wednesday, June 30, you'll be getting fewer of those annoying robocalls thanks to a new initiative by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)"
"Yale drama school to go tuition-free ""in perpetuity"" after $150 million donation"
"Solar energy collectors grown from seeds"
"Virginia Bans Releasing Balloons Outdoors as Researchers Cite 'Severe Impact' on Marine Wildlife"
"Cyclist saves falling baby in northern Vietnam"
"Diver Finds Message in a Bottle from 1926 and Reunites Note with Late Writer's Daughter"
"Making water in a desert, from sunlight and air"
"Ayahuasca relieves depression and anxiety, finds study on nearly 12,000 users"
"Historic Hotel Telegrafo To Reopen as 1st LGBTQ Hotel in Havana"
"In 1961, the Yankees told her she couldn’t be a batgirl. Sixty years later, it happened."
"Study reveals ancient cereal grain maybe link to helping drought-affected countries"
"Identical twin saved sister's life and then made her pregnancy dream come true"
"Caged animal farming: EU aims to end practice by 2027"
"Mouse thought extinct for 150 years found living on island"
"Worried taco truck owner calls his best customer after she hasn't shown up for months"
"U.S. to add third gender option to American passports"
"Walmart unveils low-price insulin as more patients with diabetes struggle to pay for drug."
"India eases route for companies to switch to green energy"
"WHO declares China malaria-free after 70 years of efforts"
"'Science fiction becomes reality': Flying car completes inter-city test flight"
"NYTimes: Pfizer and Moderna Vaccines Likely to Produce Lasting Immunity, Study Finds"
"Iran amends protocol to ensure illegal migrant kids have access to eduction"
"How a staunch rightist gave her kidney to a Gaza boy -- simply to do a good deed"
"Neighbors saved autistic boy, 9, from his death"
"Army of volunteers showers first responders with food, water"
"‘Mad Max’ Fans and More Raise Over $70,000 to Fund Brain Surgery for Injured Furiosa Stunt Woman - Dayna Grant is a stunt double for Charlize Theron, Lucy Lawless, and more."
"2 Boy Scouts rescue drowning woman from Missouri floodwaters"
"China is certified malaria-free by World Health Organization | LSHTM"
"Brisk walking for two-and-a-half hours a week could prevent early death caused by lack of sleep - study"
"Jeff Bezos picks female aerospace pioneer to launch with him"
"Tenn. Bloodhound Helps Find Missing 6-Year-Old Girl Who Was Allegedly Abducted by Her Father in May"
"Canada to ban sale of new fuel-powered cars and light trucks from 2035"
"CLEAN ENERGY: Equinor to triple UK hydrogen output with new plant near Hull"
"UK to Ban Keeping Elephants Captive in Zoos and Safari Parks"
"How 4 gay seniors became social media stars for their humor and heart"
"MGM Resorts Doubles Down On Las Vegas Solar Power"
"World Passes Three Billion Vaccine Mark: More than three billion doses of Covid-19 vaccines have been given across the world, according to an AFP tally Tuesday from official sources."
"Woman Looking For Pet to Adopt Finds Lost Dog at Pennsylvania Shelter"
"Canada is going to ban new gas-powered car sales by 2035 - Electrek"
"'We've got to do better': Toronto readies to launch non-police crisis response pilot"
"Mexican Supreme Court rules government should legalise recreational marijuana"
"Grocery chain cooks up 13,000 pancakes for Guinness World Record. The pancakes were donated to Harvesters-The Community Food Network, a regional food bank serving the greater Kansas City area in both Missouri and Kansas."
"Wildebeest, bustards and bongos: Kenya begins first national census of wildlife"
"Yankees fan will be bat girl 60 years after being told girls don't belong in dugout"
"Renewables up to 90% by 2050 would cost less than current generation mix: NREL study"
"Kurdish man stops knife-wielding assailant, saves lives in Germany"
"Scientists develop wireless pacemaker that dissolves in body"
"Ed: Music Mogul David Geffen Gives $150M To Yale University"
"European Union enshrines net zero and emissions targets into law"
"Active Allies: Alberta men to walk 3,800 km to honour missing and murdered Indigenous women and girls"
"Renewable energy sources provided more than a quarter of total U.S. electrical generation in April"
"Gould's mouse was declared extinct, but DNA shows it still lives on an island in Shark Bay, Western Australia"
"Drinking straw device is instant cure for hiccups, say scientists"
"Toronto sets North American record for most COVID-19 vaccine doses administered in a day at a clinic"
"Where the buffalo roam: world’s longest wildlife bridge could cross the Mississippi"
"Blockchain could hold the key to fighting climate change, UN says"
"Ethiopia declares ceasefire in Tigray after 8 months of fighting"
"South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands are to become a Terrestrial Protected Area which would further protect the most diverse populations of seabirds and marine mammals on Earth, including 25% of the world’s gentoo penguins."
"Mixing Covid vaccines gives good protection, study suggests"
"Europe's Space Agency to hire first disabled astronaut"
"Canada Goose To Go 100% Fur-Free By The End Of 2022"
"Lego is finally making its iconic bricks from recycled plastic"
"Extinct Tree From the Time of Jesus Rises from the Dead"
"Male tiger raises 4 cubs after death of their mother tigress"
"Cincinnati's first statue of a named woman honors civil rights activist Marian Spencer, the first Black woman to be elected to the Cincinnati City Council."
"British boy who left Singapore a year ago after life-saving treatment is still cancer free"
"One of Earth's deadliest caterpillars might hold cure to modern diseases"
"Barrie mayor proclaims June 27 Special Olympics Day"
"He Inherited A Devastating Disease. A CRISPR Gene-Editing Breakthrough Stopped It"
"Johnson & Johnson agree to stop selling opioids in $230 million settlement with state of New York"
"World's Oldest Living Gorilla Celebrates 60th Birthday at Zoo Atlanta"
"Johnson & Johnson to pay $230m to settle opioid claim"
"Renewable energy: Solar and wind cheaper than the cheapest fossil fuel"
"""Space is for everyone"": Europe's Space Agency to hire first disabled astronaut"
"Chinese monk rescues 8,000 dogs and finds them new homes"
"Canada to Make Online Hate Speech a Crime Punishable by $16,000 Fine"
"By chance, Florida building resident stayed at girlfriend's on night of disaster"
"Beatles violist walks 10km to fundraise for eye hospital in advance of his 100th birthday"
"Indigenous people are the world’s biggest conservationists, but they rarely get credit for it: More than 30 percent of the Earth is already conserved. Thank Indigenous people and local communities."
"'Please don't leave me': Boy trapped in Florida condo rubble rescued by man walking dog"
"Indian tycoon Mukesh Ambani to invest $10.1bn into clean energy"
"This 32-year-old’s start-up is helping thousands of Malaysians find work during the pandemic"
"Woman With Cerebral Palsy To Climb Stairs For Fundraiser"
"Kitten rescued from Bay Area freeway sign near SFO has been adopted"
"Blood test that finds 50 types of cancer is accurate enough to be rolled out"
"eqtble, a platform that uses data analytics to create healthier workplaces, raises $2.7M seed"
"Congressmen Introduce American Music Fairness Act"
"Absolute Decoupling of Economic Growth and Emissions in 32 Countries"
"The grave of Canada's first Black lawyer finally gets headstone"
"Healthier Supply Chains Supporting Johnson & Johnson Consumer Health’s Healthy Lives Mission"
"US intelligence community releases long-awaited UFO report"
"Arabian oryx population surges at Abu Dhabi nature reserve as conservation efforts pay off"
"More than 7,000 schools across the US are solar powered – pv magazine USA"
"US gets special envoy for LGBTQ rights as White House marks Pride Month"
"Study: Crossings on Highway 9 reduced wildlife collisions by 90%"
"The dog cleaning up rubbish from his local park"
"Ukraine offers hope in an increasingly homophobic neighborhood - Atlantic Council"
"Senegalese migrant dives into Spanish river to save man"
"Repurposed drug Ivermectin for prevention and treatment of covid. Minimal risk, maximum effectiveness."
"Tallest stack of M&M's record broken by 23-year-old Brit. The Guinness World Records title for the tallest stack of M&M's has been taken to new heights by Will Cutbill (UK), who managed to balance five of the chocolate sweets on top of each other."
"UK to ban Junk food TV adverts before 9pm"
"A giant panda has given birth to tiny twin cubs at Japan's oldest zoo — a joyous moment for the conservation of the vulnerable species."
"South Bend officer rescues kitten from rush-hour traffic"
"House Committee Approves Marijuana Protections For Banking And D.C."
"Tanzania will now offer education to pregnant girls and teen mothers"
"Carl Nassib, the first active NFL player to come out as gay, has had the top-selling jersey across the Fanatics network for the last two days."
"Kansas Gov. Kelly grants clemency to Johnson County man, 7 others in rare use of power"
"'Super-hero' in Spider-Man outfit meets pope at Vatican"
"Biden: 'We have a deal' on infrastructure with bipartisan group of senators"
"S.Korea’s major insurers say will stop underwriting new coal power"
"Supreme Court Restricts Police Powers To Enter A Home Without A Warrant"
"Covid: UK updates green list for overseas travel"
"Great Falls man builds a ""wheelchair"" for injured dog"
"Goldman Environmental Prize Winner Inspired By Plastic-Bag-Eating Goats : Goats and Soda : NPR"
"Canadian MPs pass historic bill banning conversion therapy"
"The dog cleaning up rubbish from his local park"
"This Eagles fan has always picked his daughter over the Birds. Her response went viral."
"Missing Italian toddler found by reporter sent to cover disappearance"
"Supreme Court rules school wrong to punish cheerleader for profane Snapchat rant in 8-1 free speech decision"
"A boat captain found a 95-year-old message in a bottle in Michigan. The internet helped track down the writer's daughter."
"Japan proposes four-day working week to improve work-life balance: The Japanese government has just unveiled its annual economic policy guidelines, which include new recommendations that companies permit their staff to opt to work four days a week instead of the typical five"
"Ellipsis Earth, a UK-based Mission to Map the World’s Plastic Pollution using Drones"
"LEGO bricks from sustainable materials by 2030"
"Warren Buffett gives away another $4.1 billion, resigns as trustee at Gates Foundation"
"Bee-friendly urban wildflower meadows prove a hit with German city dwellers"
"Siblings aged 14 months, 3 and 6 years receive Pfizer vaccine as part of global clinical trials"
"Mexico’s Supreme Court Moves To End Marijuana Prohibition Itself After Lawmakers Fail To Act"
"N.J. tax breaks coming thanks to huge surplus, Murphy and top Dems announce"
"Rat Man: a local volunteer hero | Conservation blog"
"Boy vows to mow 50 lawns for 50 veterans in honor of his grandfather"
"Florida principal crafts personal notes for 459 graduates"
"World Turtle Day 2021: This video of a 'dancing' tortoise will make your day - CNN Video"
"Tanzania to offer alternative education for school dropouts including pregnant girls -official"
"Anonymous customer leaves $16,000 tip at N.H. restaurant"
"Chinese monk who saved 8,000 strays is dog's best friend - Times of India"
"Background checks blocked a record high 300,000 gun sales"
"Malala Yousafzai: From the Taliban to Vogue's cover girl"
"George Clooney , Kerry Washington , Don Cheadle to Co - Found flm school for Underserved Communities ."
"‘Historic moment’: Legal experts unveil new definition of ecocide"
"Saudi Arabia’s futuristic megacity NEOM partners with KAUST to create the world’s largest coral garden in the Red Sea"
"Welsh government suspends all future road-building plans"
"A recent study published in April 2021 reveals the rediscovery of the Borneon Rajah scops owl, last seen in the wild in 1892"
"England set to raise legal age to marry to 18, cracking down on forced marriages"
"Cat who family thought had been cremated turns back up at home"
"A day to remember for Dane Dawson thanks to Make-A-Wish"
"Facebook reports a 94% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions and a 96% reduction in carbon footprint compared to 2016-17"
"Geriatric penguin at zoo gets custom shoes to help with arthritis"
"The All-Time Greatest University Commencement Addresses"
"A mural was unveiled Friday at the Boys and Girls Club of Marshfield that celebrates Danny Sheehan, an eight-year-old boy whose love for Aquaman went viral last winter. In January of 2017, Danny was diagnosed a very rare and aggressive form of brain cancer, and cancer in the cerebral spinal fluid."
"Boy vows to mow 50 lawns for 50 veterans in honor of his grandfather: 14 years old, Nathan Adams wanted to have a job but he was too young for that. But with skills instilled in him from his grandfather, he started his own lawn mowing business."
"New report shows 200 GW of offshore wind projects have been announced in last year"
"'Well done India,' says PM Modi as nation vaccinates over 8 million people in 1 day"
"Turkey's energy map becomes greener as renewables expand countrywide"
"Levelized Cost of Electricity: Renewables Clearly Superior to Conventional Power Plants Due to Rising CO2 Prices - Fraunhofer ISE"
"Connecticut is 1st state to make all prison phone calls free"
"India vaccinates over 7.5 million people today... that's comfortably more than the entire population of New Zealand vaccinated in a day!"
"Sudan to allow drinking alcohol for non-Muslims, ban FGM"
"Supreme Court unanimously sides with former college players in dispute with NCAA about compensation"
"Connecticut Governor Will Sign Marijuana Legalization Bill Tuesday, But Concedes There’s Still Work To Be Done"
"Couple celebrates 75th wedding anniversary with gratitude: 'How lucky we are to have each other'"
"A man traveled cross-country to mine the diamonds for his girlfriend's engagement ring -- he dug up a 2.2 carat beauty"
"Painting bought for $1 in Ohio thrift store on its way to reunite with artist's family in Calgary"
"Good Samaritans help save church after fire at Sacramento tire shop spreads"
"US honors a 98-year-old Irish woman whose weather forecast of an impending storm in 1944 resulted in the fortuitous postponement of the D-Day landings, changing the course of WWII"
"No disciplinary action for Germany captain Manuel Neuer over rainbow armband"
"People Find Late Loved Ones On Google Maps"
"Barks in the night lead to the discovery of new species"
"The world's most premature baby has celebrated his first birthday after beating 0% odds of surviving"
"Bee-friendly urban wildflower meadows prove a hit with German city dwellers"
"Four women among IDF Flight Academy's 182nd graduating class"
"Damascus to Tokyo 2020: Syrian refugees' remarkable journeys to the Olympic Games"
"Cuba encouraged by early efficacy results of homegrown COVID-19 vaccine"
"China passes 1b shots mark; eyes herd immunity by Dec"
"Scotland fans clean up litter after crowds gather in central London"
"Sri Lankans find a digital helping hand for baby birds fallen from nests"
"Cat born without an anus took her first poop following surgery"
"Ancient Church Hidden For 1,600 Years Reappears In Turkish Lake Thanks To Less Pollution"
"Biotech: Covid Vaccine Maker BioNTech Tackles Cancer"
"Ons Jabeur WTA's First Arab Champion"
"“I know how it feels to not have food:” A 14-year-old girl who grew up in a homeless shelter herself is feeding Charlotte’s homeless in North Carolina"
"Poaching declines in Tanzania following prosecution of ivory trafficking ringleaders"
"Maine becomes the first US state to divest from fossil fuels"
"Taiwan gets world's first hospital ward built from recycled materials"
"First patient dosed in BioNTech Phase II trial of mRNA cancer vaccine"
"Grandmother, 65, 'overwhelmed' to be named high school valedictorian"
"EXCLUSIVE U.S. triples vaccines for Taiwan with 2.5 million-dose shipment"
"COVID19 lockdowns didn't increase suicide rates"
"DeSantis signs bill to allow emergency treatment, transport for police K9s"
"Wearable electronic skin could monitor your health"
"Scientists name frog found in Ecuadorian Andes after Led Zeppelin - ""Pristimantis ledzeppelin is discovered in Cordillera del Cóndor, which straddles Ecuador and Peru"""
"Biden USDA Moves to Restore Animal Welfare Protections Shredded by Trump"
"Northeastern professor invents recyclable paper which can cool houses by 10 degrees, offering massively sustainable and inexpensive alternative to AC"
"Father's Day Car Cruise & Concert 2021: Murrieta"
"A Lobster Diver Survives after being Swallowed by a Humpback Whale: ‘ I was completely inside ’ He said."
"More Police Departments Are Adding Social Workers To Respond To Crisis Calls"
"President Joe Biden on Thursday signed into law legislation establishing June 19 as Juneteenth National Independence Day, a US federal holiday commemorating the end of slavery in the United States"
"A man in NZ with a very rare blood type is helping a patient in the US who needs his blood to survive"
"Dad Breaks 31-Year World Record For 1.5 Million Push Ups"
"Back from the brink: Dibblers are breeding on Dirk Hartog Island"
"Father gives daughter life-saving gift as living organ donor"
"NYC To Create College Savings Accounts For Every Public School Kindergartener In 2022"
"Rodhe Island Makes Financial Literacy A Required Class For All High School Students"
"Coca-Cola’s Ronaldo fiasco highlights risk to brands in social media age"
"Black Entrepreneurs Are Finally Getting The Recognition They Deserve"
"Joseph Ligon was released this year after serving the 5th longest prison sentence in recorded history (67 years, 54 days)"
"The House Voted to Finally Overturn the 2002 Iraq War Authorization"
"It is now illegal to pay disabled people in Hawaii less than minimum wage"
"'Today, we are COVID-free': Toronto hospital ICU has zero COVID-19 patients for first time in 14 months"
"Inmate Joel Caston becomes first incarcerated person to win elected office in DC"
"Researchers focused on mental health benefits associated with playing video games to address symptoms of depression & anxiety. They found video games show promise as inexpensive, readily accessible, internationally available, effective and stigma-free resources for mitigation of mental health issues"
"Vietnam Circus Decides to End Bear Performances and Surrenders 4 Moon Bears to Animal Rescue"
"Biden signs new federal holiday into law, the Juneteenth"
"For a Sustainable Tomorrow People are starting Today; a Story of people all around the world doing their part to conserve this beautiful planet."
"This month Animals Asia rescued 101 Moon Bears from a bear bile factory and rehomed them in a sanctuary. What an amazing achievement for a charity far too under the radar for the work they do!"
"UC San Diego graduate honors farmworker parents with photo shoot that goes viral"
"Saudi Arabia Reduces Executions To Soften Image"
"Canada PM Trudeau nominates first judge of color to sit on Supreme Court"
"Therapy dog saves woman who was on the verge of taking her own life"
"Dog Rescues Baby Deer From Drowning in Virginia Lake"
"Rhode Island teen buys contents of storage units at auction to return to owners"
"Baby girl found alive and well in box floating on Ganges | India"
"Sex without consent is finally defined as rape in Slovenia"
"‘I’m only 29 years old’: what Christian Eriksen said after his life was saved"
"Yemen fishermen hit jackpot with million-dollar find in whale's belly"
"Pizza delivery driver gifted new car after losing old one to fire during attempted theft"
"Socially distanced robots serve Mecca holy water ahead of Hajj pilgrimage"
"Gay And Bisexual Men Are Now Allowed To Donate Blood In England, Scotland And Wales"
"‘Defusing’ dog saves life of suicidal woman on motorway bridge"
"The hero no one knew has EM honor him."
"Half the trees in two new English woodlands planted by jays, study finds"
"A single dose of one of the two-shot COVID-19 vaccines prevented an estimated 95% of new infections among healthcare workers two weeks after receiving the jab, a study published Wednesday by JAMA Network Open found."
"Amsterdam to become first city in the world to ban this type of advert"
"8 Cities Rewilding Their Urban Spaces"
"[Mod Post] About /r/happybirthday"
"It's my bestfriend's birthday!!!"
"It's my bestfriend's birthday!!!"
"Now this is how you celebrate a 50th birthday"
"It's my bestfriend's birthday!!"
"it's my bestfriend's birthday!!"
"It's My 14th Birthday!"
"Happy Birthday Nikola Tesla"
"Sixteen today! And it only took me sixteen years to get here"
"I turned 20 today!"
"Happy Freakin Birthday to Me Mitches"
"cake day- 2016.6.29-2021.6.29"
"I’m officially 31 today"
"just turned 20"
"I just turned 29"
"A Kerala Birthday for Julian - The sequel to Kerala's School in Kerala, the Kramoore family prepares for Julian's 5th birthday. They share Kerala traditions in this continued cultural exchange. Kindly sure to SUBSCRIBE to the Kerala School Channel on YouTube if you like our videos. Namaste!"
yay
"Happy Birthday - Country Bluegrass Banjo & Acoustic Guitar"
"Happy 15th birthday to reddit!"
"36th birthday!"
"Just turned 20 today. I figured I'd mention it here "
"I just turned 19 today :3"
"Rock forever 21 but just turned 30"
"It's my birthday June 21st,, but I'm afraid I won't have any friends to celebrate with"
"This little butt-nugget turned 7 today! Love you lil’ bro."
"Hello lovely people of the HBD Reddit - I need your help!"
"Hbd Johnny Sins!"
"Happy Birthday to a guy who has done over 100 birthday telegrams on instagram, Cabbages the Clown"
️
"It's my friends birthday today"
"Today's the day!"
"Turned 19 today"
"It's my mom's birthday today"
"it’s my birthday and none of my “friends” wished me happy birthday"
"Saddest day of my life"
"I'm 22 today!"
"Today's my 17th birthday!"
"It’s my birthday!"
"Wish my boy Clancy a happy birthday."
"Today’s my birthday lol"
"Happy birthday to anyone and everyone born on May 1, International Workers day"
"18th birthday"
"Miska's 1st birthday"
"Celebrating my funny bunny's first birthday!"
"Tomorrow will be my 18th birthday"
"happy birthday"
"Birthday girl"
"Happy Birthday to this guy!"
"Happy Birthday Devin."
"There's a cat licking your birthday cake! It's your birthday today! Hooray!!!"
"Happy birthday to my introvert ass ig"
"Wish my fam a happy birthday y’all"
"It's my birthday"
"Noisy Way to Wish Someone Happy Birthday"
"Its my birthday!"
"Here's a better alternative to the traditional Happy Birthday song (OC)"
"turned 20 today, here's some lessons i've learned from my teenage times."
"Learn how to sing Happy Birthday in Polish!"
"I heard it was your birthday today. Happy birthday "
"Happy Birthday!"
"Today is my Birthday"
"Happy 23rd Birthday to me today, Feb. 25"
"Taking out the recycling in my building... I noticed someone must have turned three! Awesome patents during Covid whoever they are "
"It's my birthday today! Feb 17th"
"18th Feb. Happy birthday me. And maybe you."
"It’s my birthday today !!"
"Tomorrow I will be turning 29.. Wish me birthday folks"
B-day
"happy birthday to me! sweet 15"
"MY CUZ JUST TURNED 12!"
"it's my birthday today!"
"Happy 80th Birthday Mom"
"Happy birthday to mee. Happy birthday tooo mee!"
"Happy birthday for my homie?"
"Rick Astley is celebrating his 55th birthday today! Happy Birthday!!"
"It’s my bday"
"It's my Birthday :)"
"Turned 18 today!"
"My Birthday Today!"
"Turning 22 today"
"Happy birthday Grandma... Wish you were here with me."
"Anyone else celebrating a birthday today? (2 Feb)"
"Here u is my birthday twin"
"As It Is Daniel’s 32d Birthday I Think We Should Wish Him A Happy Birthday"

"Birthday Gift"
"Happy Birthday to YOU!"
"Turned 16 yesterday"
"TURNED 20 TODAY....WAS SUCH AN EXISTING DAY!!"
"It's my boyfriend's birthday and he's being silly streaming (adult language) ️"
"I turned 21 on the 1st!"
"Happy birthday to me"
"Have a wonderful, happy, healthy birthday now and forever."
"23 today ,happy birthday to all :3 who shares today’s date of birth"
"I’m 20 today!"
"I need help I need to text for wishing my colleague girl I didn't spent much time with her she's just my friend"
"It’s my 25th birthday today"
"I turn 35 today "
"Today my birthday "
"Today (31) is my Birthday!"
"It's my birthday :>"
"Its my birthday!"
"It's my birthday!"
"My mom's b-day"
"At Midnight it’s my birthday and I’m spending it alone"
"Happy Birthday!"
"It’s my birthday "
"Turned 35 Today"
"Happy birthday to me"
"Just noticed today is my birthday"
"Happy birthday to all Dec 15th babies, including me"
"This is my Grandma who turned 94 today. 16 grand children, 23 great grand children."
"What to put on a cake?"
"Today is my birthday! This is what 28 looks like, what it feels like is totally different story."
"A user going by u/hsouth98 posted that their birthday was forgotten this year on r/advice. I had some spare time during class so... Happy Birthday!"
"Pokemon made my birthday happy"
"Happy Birthday to you  Please be kind to yourself today and take some time to enjoy something you love."
"it's my birthdayyyy"
"Happy Birthday Paul DiTomasso!"
"18 B-Day"
"9- on the fridge"
"Reddit Birthday"
"Happy Birthday"
"my daughter birthday moment >>>"
24
"i am now 40 years old. holy shit"
"It’s my Birthday!"
"Finally my 18th birthday!"
"Happy birthday to me"
"My Birthday"
"Happy birthday to this awesome user, u/Peyzard! Give them all your love!"
"Can I get some birthday messages?"
"Birthday party during coronavirus, sounds scary, but we haven't other ways"
"Happy birthday too me"
"Today's my birthday, which means my wife's tiramisu, Mexican snacks, and classic Tomb Raider with the family. Having people check out my YouTube channel would be a cheeky bonus from reddit though."
"Today is my bday :)"
"Today is my birthday and it sucked...."
"Todays my grandpas birthday, please wish him a happy birthday"
"B'day video I made to wish long distance friend."
"Invite strangers to have a birthday meal together (Street Interview) | B..."
"Please help me on my birthday!"
"u/GrazieJojo habby birtday"
"Happy birthday to wheatley2210"
"It’s my brother’s birthday"
"Obama, Biden, & R2D2 called me up to wish me Happy Birthday Watch  "
"Today is me, snoop dog, john krasinski, jess glynne, and matt steffenias birthday. I wanted to share the spotlight as I do every year"
"It's her birthday and she can have a rage fit if she wants to"
"Tomorrow is my birthday"
"Tomorrow is my 31st birthday, and in this bizarre and confusing time, I wrote down a few things I think I know so far about how the world works. Good chance I'm wrong, but it was a hell of a thought exercise. I wanted at least somewhere to share it, and this seemed like maybe it'd be a place."
"Today is my birthday!!!"
"Among us style happy birthday video"
"A birthday video I made for my friend who likes Sea of Thieves"
"I celebrated my friend's birthday with random inside jokes"
"Today's my birthday!!"
"For my wife's 40th birthday"
"For a party this big, you'd have to planet"
"Can you wish my bro a happy b-day?"
"My Birthday just started"
"How To Make Gulab Jamun I Vegan Birthday Special Recipe Punjabi Indian Style "
"For the person who was born on this day"
"its my birthday today"
"The cake my two boys ordered for me ️️️"
"Happy birthday to who?"
"It's my birthday song"
"World Leaders Extend Their Wishes on PM Narendra Modi’s 70th Birthday"
"I just turned 18"
"Happy birthday to me!!"
"It's My Birthday! Go Virgos"
"Happy Birthday Video I made for a friend :)"
"Chill chat and happy birthday gunner & Morgan"
"Today is my 18th birthday"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY TOP!!! (might be trash edit)"
"Happy Birthday on an Etch A Sketch! (OC)"
"Happy birthday keanu"
"Happy Birthday Charlie Sheen!"
"Its my Birthday!!"
"Happy 15th Birthday to Our Baby Gurl"
"My dad's birthday"
"Finally 21!"
"Homemade cake for my birthday (thoughts?)"
"Today is my birthday"
"Since I turn 21 today I did 21 reps of 21 different exercises with a 21 lbs weight vest to celebrate it. It was one of my craziest workouts yet "
"Its my 18th birthday, alit of ppl forgot because recently a storm tore up my town and destroyed alot of houses nad uprooted alot of trees"
"Today is my 14th birthday!!!"
"16th bday!!"
"Could you send me a happy birthday?"
"Happy Birthday Charles!"
"Happy Birthday to me! Here's my tacocat."
"For my girlfriends BD"
"Today’s your birthday Mom"
"Today I'm 20! I made a cake for myself, inspired by Bob Ross."
"Happy birthday to my 67 year old dad. "
"I turned 15 today!!!"
"Just turned 16 today"
"Honest question: do birthday greetings at 12:00am really matter?"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY BESTFRIEND"
"Happy Birthday trumpet cover"
"It’s my birthday on the 25th...can y’all do me a favor?"
"Happy Birthday, Stuart Scott. One of the best sportscasters ever"
"Cool location for my Birthday?"
"Happy 35th"
"Today I Turned 17"
"Wizkid Turns 30 Today"
"Happy birthday to me!"
"Turned 26 today, had a great day with my parents for the first half and friends for the second half including heading to a water park, was a good day!!"
"I turned 21 today during quarantine!!"
"Happy birthday to me and to all others on this day of July 10th!"
"Hi guys it’s my birthday and as soon as I got up I was very lucky."
"July 9th club anyone?"
"Can yall.wish me a happy birthday"
"Celebrated my seventeenth birthday, Saturday, July 4th. I ended up getting two parties!"
"Happy 80th birthday to The Beatles' Ringo Starr!!"
"U know whats today? the day after the 4th..."
"Its my Birthday today didnt get any birthday present today I hope Yall will give me attention that will be more than enough love from Botswana"
"My birthday is on july 9th im so exited!!!! "
Bday
"Just turned 19"
"Happy Birthday to this amazing friend who actually turned 23 today! I don’t know the HBD song but hope your wish comes true anyway!!"
"Feliz cumpleaño hermanita y hemanito"
"Happy Birthday, Random Guy At Wal-Mart"
"Tomorrow is my birthday day and i just knew that elon musk and markiplier are same birthday like me and i am so happy"
"It was my birthday yesterday."
"It’s my 17th birthday today!"
"It's my birthday and I'm now nineteen"
"It’s my 19th birthday today"
"I'm turned 23"
"June 18, i turned 18 today!"
"It's my brother's 32nd birthday today, so I made him this Evangelion-themed birthday card since it's an anime we're both fans of. The paragraph is sang like the fast part of Evangelion's opening."
"You’re 29 in Chicago now"
"ITS MY B-DAY"
"Right now"
"Hey! Appreciate my big brother :>"
"June 11 - I blame it on the Gemini ️ twins!!"
"Happy Birthday to me"
"I baked a cake first time in my life for my birthday. Happy Birthday to me..during this quarantine."
"My birthday today"
"Happy Birthday"
"HBD to me!!!! ️"
"Happy birthday to my online friend"
"It is my dad’s birthday today!"
"Happy birthday Morgan Freeman"
"happy 5th birthday to my mom. this is her present"
"It's my Birthday!"
"Today’s my birthday"
"Today is my 20th birthday!! My parents bought me the cake as a gift and stayed up until midnight to celebrate with me and it made me really happy."
"so today's my birthday.."
"Happy Birthday!!"
"hApPy BiRtHdAy tO mE"
"it's my birthday!"
"Today is my 24th birthday"
"Happy birthday u/EdgyTwig !"
"my friends mum is having a birthday soon and my friend is trying to get as many people to say happy birthday to angela hewitson can we get a happy birthday"
"21st birthday during quarantine"
"Happy Birthday to me"
"My brothers 18th Birthday"
"It’s my birthday today, I tried baking an angel food cake with strawberries"
"It's my Dad's birthday tomorrow so I made him this card."
"Happy May 13th Birthdays!"
"Turning 23 today. Happy birthday to those that share the same birthday:)"
"Happy birthday to anyone whose birthday it might be"
"My Nephew’s 10th birthday"
"Its my birthday"
"Birthday Wish Generator - Generate a Random Birthday Wish"
"My son’s finally a teenager!"
"My Daughter Angel AKA Oreo, has a birthday coming up on May 7th Our baby will be 19years old. We wanted to celebrate her birthday with our Reddit family and friends."
"I turned 29 today! One year left of my twenties hope everyone is having a good day!"
"Hi I am Vishaka I am from India today is my bday I am feeling very lonely in this lockdown hope I make some new friends here"
"Guess what"
"It's my birthday today!"
"I just turned 22 but because of Lockdown i am alone at home."
"Hello! It’s my 19th birthday today!"
"Today is my birthday! I turn 19 "
"IM TURNING 15 TOMORROW. ion really have true friends to remember my bday which is sad but whatever. Ill always have my oarents and nice people like you guys!!"
"Happy Birthdays to me and other people who are today to. 23 April"
"Its my birthday today"
"It’s my birthday today!"
"Happy Birthday to me....."
"Happy Birthday Papa"
"Happy birthday to me."
"could someone wish me a happy birthday?"
"Happy birthday Tess!"
"Turning 25"
"Happy bday to all of ya and me with cake day!"
"Happy bday traves"
"Turned 18 dis month "
"Happy birthday big man "
"Happy Birthday to my brother!"
"Close friend's mom celebrates her 90th in quarantine on Sunday, and he is unable to throw her a party or be with her in person. Would mean a lot of folks might wish her a Happy Birthday. Her name is Joy West (pic from bday last yr)."
"Today is my friend’s birthday"
Birthday
"[FOR HIRE] I will make a Happy Birthday Donald Trump for you. 10$"
"Ah yes, celebrating my 19th birthday in quarantine and while having a cold. I was too lazy to dress up since there's literally no point lol. Happy birthday to me! (And yes I know I look young)"
"Today is my birthday"
"I turn 21 today! while under lockdown."
"It's not my birthday."
Yay
"Happy birthday mom️"
"Its my b-day...14 years alive boisss"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY BITCH "
"I’m 15!!!"
"Hello bois, (for context, Matachewan is a micronation) My friends' great grandfather who fought is turning 89 today, my friend invited me to sign a digital birthday card but I would like to take it one step further, let's get his birthday card nice and thicc this year. Links below."
"Ah yes, I remember being born like it was 15 years ago today"
"Happy Birthday to my wife! 38!"
"How to Find The Perfect Gift: Three Practical Tips"
"On The Importance Of Birthdays — Auxoro"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY POP...RIP"
"Happy Birthday in the Styles of 10 Classical Composers (COMPILATION)"
"First time waking up to birthday breakfast made by my husband~"
"Today is my 22nd Birthday"
"It's my birthday today....and no one rememberes "
"It's my birthday! I have no idea what I'm doing"
"It's my birthday! :)"
"Today is my 16th birthday"
"Happy birthday!!!"
"This Article Touched Me"
"Today is my birthday"
"Today’s my birthday"
"Carnival-Themed Birthday"
"Happy birthday Gren!"
"Today is my 23 bday! Yay!"
"Happy Birthday Sagar"
"Happy Birthday Sagar"
"Today is my borthday"
"Turned 17 at midniiiiiiiiiight!"
"Happy birthday mom!"
"Happy birthday, Tom."
"I'm 17 today!! "
"17 today"
"Happy Birthday to me! 19 years!"
"Happy Birthday u/yeeote!!!!!  "
"Wow, I somehow made it to 24."
"Happy prohibition repeal/Walt Disney birthday day... it’s mine as well"
"A really amazing birthday"
19th
"I’m 16 today"
"one hour old in the pic..turned 46years today..."
"I am curious if anyone else's parents or family did this growing up. I can't tell if it's a normal practice or we are just weird. lol!"
"It's my birthday!"
beep
"Today is my birthday!!"
"Happy birthday to me"
"It's my birthday! Almost over, though!"
"Today I am 36 years old. It was awsome growing up in the 80s and 90s."
"Happy Birthday Captain Max from Bonoboville!!!"
"It’s my real life cake day"
"Today is my birthday"
Thanks!
"Japanese Happy Birthday Firework"
"November 8, I am 62. Happy birthday to me."
"My birthday is today"
"Todays my birthday and its horrible but fun"
"It’s my 34th Birthday  ️"
"Turned 16 Today!"
"Just turned 15 today"
"20 today"
"I don’t have friends but I have my mom."
"Did a dutch happy birthday song on my synth with a video. Happy Birthday!"
"i'm 17 today yoo"
"Spending my 22nd birthday at a job i hate instead of with the ones i love. Yay"
"It's Wednesday and my birthday my dudes"
"Happy Birthday to /u/marcella710 and me!"
"THOMAS, HAPPY BIRTHDAY"
"Scooby doo"
"26 today!"
"Requesting Bday Emails For Husband Please :)"
"Happy Birthday to this legend"
"Ayyy happy birthday darren!"
"Ya girl turned 19 today"
"Happy birthday <3 !!!"
"Happy birthday to Benton Cooper."
"21 today :)"
"Happy birthday to my babygirl"
"guys guess what today is"
"I'm 19 today!"
"Today is the day"
"Happy Birthday to us!"
"My birthday is almost over! 24 y.o. today. Don’t feel 24 and definitely don’t look it."
"Happy birthday gif for father"
"Been waiting my whole life to use this clip! BD: 8/15/1982"
"Today My cake day."
"Harpy birthday to all of you!"
"I'm 53 today!"
"Today is my birthday!!!!!1!!!!1!!!!"
"I turned 25 today. No one seemed to care"
"Happy birthday to me!"
"Happy Birthday to /u/the_makaarina !"
"I guess I’ll turn 20 today"
"Today is my b-day I am 14 today"
"Happy birthday to the mars rover"
"It's my Birthday!"
"Happy birthday my loveable weirdo U/watnaboo "
"My Birthday!"
"IM FINALLY 18!!!"
"It's my birthday"
"Hey it’s my birthday on July 7th"
"I don't have many things to do for my birthday, so this means something to me"
"ITS MY BIRTHDAY! JUNE 15th!!!!!"
"June 15th birthdays!"
"Turning 14"
"The best birthday present I got this year"
"Just a funny thought"
"I feel like a hobbit. :)"
"Happy Birthday cat for sending to ppls ^~^ (ye you can use it for that if u want to)"
"Only turn 23 once"
"Happy Birthday T-Phizzle! Love, Furb <3"
"Today is my birthday. I am 17"
"Happy Birthday Jelly Bean"
"Hey, say Happy Birthday to our icon Stevie Wonder!"
"Birthday wish (today is my birthday)"
"Today is my birthday"
"It's my 33rd birthday, i just wanted to share a traditional Lithuanian cake with you all"
"To all of you that had a Birthday a little while ago, have one soon, or anyone with a Birthday (yep that’s you!) Here’s to you!"
"Today is my birthday..."
"Birthday wishes for Husband"
"Birthday gif images for wife"
"Happy Birthday you special sausage."
"Happy birthday to my dog turning 14"
"Birthday images"
"Happy Birthday to my Beautiful Daughter!"
"Guys!!!! 1 year since being bothered to make an account. Thank you Reddit - especially for my comment: ""cat"" which got -53 upvotes ;)"
"Whats happened to aennil?"
"I turn 21 years old tomorrow !"
"Its my 18th birthday!"
Help
"IT’S MY BIRTHDAY!"
"Today I turned 17."
"Today I turned 40 and I it feels like any other day :)"
"Just went to a restaurant and got a lava cake"
"I made a sub for my fellow leap day friends."
"Happy Birthday Kurt Cobain :/"
"happy birthday to my best friend Renata"
"Can I get a Happy birthday"
"Happy birthday to me :))))"
"Happy birthday"
"Can ya girl get a happy 21st bday while she’s stuck at Uni?"
"My bday cake"
"Happy birthday to me!"
Borrh.......
"holy guacamole i’m 20 today!! :)"
"It’s my friends birthday yay"
"happy birthday to me"
"Happy birthday to me"
"It my birthday!!!"
"Happy Birthday"
"Happy birthday to me"
"It’s my birthday! I am officially 21!"
"IT'S MY BIRTHDAY YAAAY"
"It’s my birthday today! :)"
"Today is my cake day!"
"Happy birthday me"
"Happy Birthday Lil Bro!"
"Today's my birthday"
"Today is Blake’s birthday"
"Happy Birthday"
"As of today... ya boy turns 11!!"
"Happy birthday cake"
"Happy Birthday Wick!"
"Happy Birthday to Me... Yes Meeeee! | Fun with Me"
"Happy birthday to me!"
"Happy Birthday to Me!"
"Happy Birthday V&F 13-11-2018"
"Yay it's my birthday today"
"Today is my BIRTHDAY! WOOOO!"
"Happy Birthday Leila!"
"Butterfly's birthday party!! | duck pin bowling"
"It’s my birthday! :D"
"A birthday drink with a flower in it"
"I’m 16 today woo"
"it's her birthday!! | butterfly"
"Thirty, Flirty, and Thriving? Is She Okay?"
"I'm 20 today"
"I’m 19 today"
"Help me make my best friend's day"
"Happy Birthday Baby - The Virtual Happy Birthday Card"
"Turning 25"
"I'm officially 21 now!"
"14 today"
"Im 25 today!"
"24 today"
"28 today"
"Hey, I’m super glad this is a thing!"
55
33
18!
26!
"15 today"
"Just turned 18! I’m in a new city for college that just started a week ago so no one to celebrate with. Would really appreciate some kind words!"
"23rd birthday"
"Happy birthday u/shannanagins !"
"Today is my Birthday"
"turning 21 tomorrow"
"Colleagues know me so well! These 3 items sum me up perfectly! Happy Birthday to me!"
"Happy Birthday Person!!!"
"Happy birthday to me , dated 12th August and happy birthday to anyone whos birthday is today ️️"
"Happy birthday to me. I'm 33"
"Happy birthday Haunted Mansion!"
"Happy birthday to my fellow august 6thers ️️️"
"Happy Birthday to the 5th of August Kids."
"Today is my 21st Birthday"
"Today's my birthday "
"Happy Birthday to anybody who shares this day with me  "
"Can you wish me a happy Birthday!!??"
"Yep... That sums it up."
"It is my Reddit birthday!"
"Hey if it's anyone's birthday today happy birthday :D"
"It's my birthday & I'm 1000th Sub!"
"Happy Birthday Melanie"
"It's my bday, and I made a meme about why I have no friends."
"It's my daughter's 2nd birthday!"
"My Golden Birthday!"
"Who else"
"It’s my birthday!"
"Happy Birthday to someone I’ll always love, I hope you see this x"
"It’s my Birthday."
"Its my birthday!"
"Happy birthday to my youngest super hero! He's 4 and loves Spiderman!"
"I'm 20 today"
"Happy Birthday Yuka"
"My First Good Birthday In 20 Years"
"This sub is sader than my actual birthday"
"Its my birthday, join me come and say hi :)"
"Happy Birthday Julian Jaynes"
"Wish this lonely boy happybirth day he is live-streaming"
"Happy birthday to me, and Kurt Kobain!"
"So what If I'm Getting Old ;)"
"Bob Ross FTW"
"Shoutout to my fellow Valentines babies!"
"Valentines Birthday"
"I turned 29 today :)"
"22 Today Woooo!!!!!!"
"I'm 26 today."
"It's my bday on Monday"
"I turn 29 today :D"
"Happy 96th to Betty White! And it’s all thanks to hot dogs and vodka...."
"Today is my bday"
"Just turned 18 today, feeling pretty good!"
"Today's my birthday!"
"Well it's my birthday"
"It’s my birthday today! Turning 23!"
"i turn 20 today!"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY OBI!"
"36 today"
"Today's My Birthday!"
"Today’s my birthday! And I turn 27!"
"Happy 70th Birthday Brother K!"
"Happy birthday to Kevin Kline (and me!)"
"Happy 1st to my Reddit Account!"
"Happy 4th Birthday Jack!!!!"
"Happy Birthday Mom!"
"Happy Birthday Chris Archie!!"
"29TH BIRTHDAY ANNOUNCEMENT"
"ALL I WANT FOR MY BIRTHDAY???"
"Today is my birthday!"
"Happy Birthday u/NorseFenrir"
"happy birthday video to send to friends on their birthday"
"For my mother, MOMMA JAMES DOES GAMES!! - YouTube"
"Who is the mod of this forum please ?"
"Happy Birthday to my best friend and cousin!"
"Happy birthday MTH85"
"Happy Birthday Norsefenrir!"
"Happy Reddit Birthday to me!"
"'There once was a very happy tree'"
"Today's my birthday!"
"ANNOUNCEMENT: We're making some changes to how comics are handled."
"Subreddit Of The Month [July 2021]: /r/bloopers/. Know of a small (under 20,000 subscribers) humor-based subreddit that deserves a month in the spotlight? Link it inside!"
"This is Morty and his strut is hilarious"
"I shouldn't have laughed so loud"
"He did the chicken walk"
"So true"
"I hope they stretched their Hamstrings"
"Industrial table makers find naturally penis-shaped knot. Decide to auction the table off to raise money for testicular cancer."
"Janitors always win"
"Seamless fix"
"Wonder how many times it happened"
"Reality is often disappointing"
"This should be interesting"
"Why McDonald's do Lebron like this? They did him dirty."
"The whole world is ‘falling’ for Momiji Nishiya  "
"One upside of the recent storms"
Fable
"My daughter had my wife’s phone on a long car ride. She ordered all the Barbie dream houses from Amazon."
"Pitch, paw and roll [OC]"
"I was told I couldn't smile for the picture on my Drivers License. This is good to go though."
"Give it up Spider-Man!"
"I see no difference"
"The one, the only, Moon Knight"
"Runs and drives great."
"Man gets arrested for blasting benny hill song(Song used in police chases) while people slip on ice at a wally world."
"Is fishing in a toilet a thing in Japan? Please advise."
"[OC] It only gets better from here... for most of us."
"Got a letter taped to my door from my brand new apartment managers I have yet to meet. Good first impression."
"I think I can wait a few days..."
"Sometimes it takes a new tactic to succeed."
"Poor baby already had enough of this world !"
"You forgot to say goodbye"
Lemon.
Gym
"Spotted outside of wasaga beach today"
"Australian swimmer Kaylee McKeown surprises herself in an interview right after winning gold"
"Found out what that spot in the shower is for!"
"Did I win @mikeymavo"
"Tip of the day:"
"Anyone have a fishing net I could borrow?"
"she celebrated too early"
"Should this meeting be an email?"
"My spidey senses ain't tingling anymore"
"In collingwood today"
"Prepare for your defeat!"
"Did a double-take driving by this Double Ranger today"
"My wife got tired of the family leaving horribly bad dishes in the sink, thus the sign was born"
"The Wampa on my kid’s Star Wars snow globe broke in just the right spot."
"Scandinavian Coat of Arms"
"This funny way my cat was lying down."
"It happened. He smiled. Awkwardly just like his dad"
"They're always planning"
"Big Hands"
"An alien or a goat"
"Wife ordered some fridge organizers off Amazon. We will pay close attention to the warnings."
"I paused ESPN at a funny moment. I call it ""Sex Faces"""
"No comment "
"What are they trying with this app’s mascot?"
"Two funny not to share…."
"My husband brought home a label maker."
"Good to know buddy!"
"my brother's first time riding a scooter"
"Rusty Griswold is in Utah, at Walmart!"
"Kid playing baseball with dog falls missing the shot made me laugh like hell."
"You had meat coffee."
"I’m a little scared to go to the basement, but so curious [OC]"
"They may share a wall, but get the feeling these neighbors don't get along."
"What about a sink?"
"Memory Dump"
"Our Library Broom Closet."
"My mom is truly terrified of clowns. My dad has been hiding these around our house for 40 years. Latest placement: the attic"
"friends? [OC]"
"He lost at COD so he rage quit and took a nap."
Freckles
"Old habits die hard!"
"I don’t want to be the one to empty the trash from the bathroom - posted in restaurant bathroom"
"Baby got back"
"He wants to video call about my car's extended warranty."
"""I’m here to talk to you about your car’s extended warranty'"
"If you can’t hook up with a girl in a Shanghai nightclub at least you can watch your anime waifus"
"This gave me a chuckle."
"This my financial advisor Charles."
"Tired of rage quitting costing you a controller?"
"He is my boahhhh"
"The very sad picture for McDonald’s"
"Spinning the wrong part!"
"Didn’t make this, but this needed to be on here"
"Unfortunate angle"
"Typed shit instead of shirt and there were so many suggestions. What the hell there’s a calendar?"
"The Great Mighty Poo!"
"I guess THIS is where the dicks hangout."
"Excitement level 6 to midnight"
"Wait for Snoop Dog."
Sex
"Really Greg?"
"The skill level of Olympic level athletes in skateboarding"
"Do you come here often?"
"My 4 year old nephew started laughing and said, “Vacuum Cleaner Weiner!”"
"I was taught math wrong in school"
"At least they admit it"
"Neighbor finds list of people not allowed in their neighbors house. Zoom in."
"Could have been our “we’re expecting again” message. Morning sickness"
"Disturbed Cats That Are Down With The Sickness"
"I put sounds effects over a car getting wrecked"
"Clap your hands"
"Saw for Millennials"
"More like Earth Unaware, am i right?"
Yes…comfort
"Donkey traffic jam near 11 Mile Reservoir in Colorado"
"Trash cat"
"Now a major motion picture!"
"I guess my ex-wife opened up a tire shop"
"Thank you for being a friend!"
"Online gaming"
"Flynn: A Breaking Bad Story"
"Took this shot about 10 years ago in Boston."
"As soon as the suitcase was on the ground Midnight decided he was coming as well"
"Apparently we have a new hire starting this morning, just waiting to get badged in"
"Thanks protesters"
"A poster depicting someone's cat. Not a lost cat, just their (illustrated) cat."
"Tether ball or domestic violence situation?"
"Well it's good to know that the national health department in the Netherlands, thinks that you should still go to McDonald's after your covid-19 vaccination. (literal translation of the text ggd = national health department covid-19 vaccination. McDonald's available )"
"k imma head out"
"So I recently got a new blanket and it’s of possums and this is how they look"
"Our 5 year old drew a have you seen me of our cat, pretty accurate imho!"
"So close yet so far"
"Public Dumping"
"Went to the movies the other day."
"A house with a face lol"
"This Need for Speed/Sailor Moon mashup is what we all need."
"I mean.... Am I wrong?"
"gimme dat"
"Dont forget to take off shoes and socks"
"Chris Pine, the russian ""Computer-Master"" looking for a job!"
"This is one thirsty boy"
"My neighbours were moving today, and this was the moving truck that’s pulled up (MEMS MOVING)"
"Cat propaganda. I bet they work long shifts at the biscuit factory."
"[OC] Art."
"Those are some great captions Apple."
"Please do not park too close to the driving side. I'm pretty fat. Thanks."
Kindness
"4 types of bread"
"Cows lounging around a sign created for their own demise"
"Penn and Teller's famous 1986 SNL magic skit"
"Spotted in Missouri"
Hahaha
"IDK what your opinion on them is, this scene always cracks me up."
"My friends doggie door was a bit too small."
"A good marketing move"
"I found a loophole in Caligula’s “no baths” policy. I guess I’m sleeping with both eyes open tonight."
"Is ladybug sex nsfw? Or just REALLY good luck..."
"Professor Badcock."
"Some feelings go beyond species"
"Family game night gone wrong"
"USA vs Cat Calling"
"Minister Crab would like a word with you (sound on)"
"Slip up [OC]"
"Sounds interesting! "
"On a loop [OC]"
"A carrot that dresses to the left"
"Can’t believe I went home empty handed"
"Always set your parking brake"
"Demonstration of the first ever laptop, 1904"
"A clearly inebriated woman, stark naked, jumped into a taxi in New York and laid down on the back seat."
"Did you read in Yoda’s voice or the Terminators?"
"Body Wash Scents"
"the great eye…always watching"
"[OC] Love Seat"
"Dr. Mittens tried to kill me."
"ID for oil change? Did I miss something?"
"You’re a wizard (OC)"
"I always laugh at this painting in a local restaurant... the artist reaallyy didn’t want to paint that face"
"This is more apt"
"I think he likes the Lakers"
"My wife made me popcorn shrimp for lunch today. I think she's trying to tell me something."
"Tesla RV for sale, gently used"
"“I can’t believe you’ve done this”"
"A cat doing the sit stand"
"Taste the Void...Drink the Void"
"They kept on telling you don't eat that many Tacos"
"Why didn't I just go to supercuts...."
"Of whih ugars."
"You like jazz?"
"Avant-Garde Art"
"I’ve made a mistake…"
"Credit to https://youtube.com/channel/UCzeWGYCDc0jWV-ksy6cckoA"
"Another one bites the dust!"
"Why chips should have air in their bags"
"I wish I could be this happy in this heat (sorry for the low quality) [OC]"
"These shoes are on the wrong feet"
"Hell yeah brother ..."
"'Ghost Tour' Full Sketch | I Think You Should Leave with Tim Robinson Season 2"
"Horror movies"
Yes
"Middle aged women when a 16 year old messes up their order at McDonalds"
"Olympics pancake flop"
"""Yes, I have to write you a speed ticket ...."""
"Favorite Show"
"Julia Child's oven looks absolutely terrified."
"1080 or 4k?"
"Department of Transport hiring paid actors."
"“I want to talk about this little thing that pokes out,” Says Oddly Named Park Ranger (Audio On)"
"If Lays made chocolate milk"
"Before and after lockdown"
"Squirrel eats taco"
"Dad's not home"
"Saw this in a bathroom stall at a local restaurant...hope she figured it out ."
"No ceese on mine please"
"Life, uh, finds a way"
"Alone @ Home"
"Real smooth"
"My girlfriend thinks there was a witch in the stall next to hers… what do y’all think?"
"[OC] Customer Service"
"uh... phrasing"
"he really just gaming"
"I have an unfortunate last name. Sometimes I get targeted advertisements, that can go horribly wrong."
"Bless this beef"
Mutiny
"Clapping glass"
"[OC] livin the dream"
"Pathetic maggles are powerless against this kind of magic"
"Was searching for an air mattress online and found this big guy. Model inclusiveness has come a long way. Sweatpants and all."
"Dad the fix-it king."
"Sleeping-in solution"
"I'd hate to see the bird"
"Kept everyone at work out of the bathroom all day with this one….."
"/r/childfree whenever a child is mildly annoying"
"Norm Macdonald's Turtle Joke animated by Acam_Inc"
"This ain't a real truck."
Flags
"God Dammit Harrison!"
"Canine Enrichment Fail"
"Ouch that hurt"
"No shit really!"
"I think my neighbor may be really getting into their game of thrones rewatch."
"That time Minnie Mouse, Daisy Duck & Cuckoo Luca roasted a turkey for Thanksgiving…"
"The state of things"
"Happiest of birthdays. Sorry my wife didn’t flash you."
"Buddy Gator - Help The Little One"
"Couple on holiday in the Netherlands. They were enjoying themselves, it made me happy so thought I would share."
"Yogi learned a lesson today. Always listen to mom when she says to back up from the changing table..."
"""Throw the Spray Paint Into the Lawn Mower"""
"Nahh just good stories"
"Fashion emergency? Eyelashes and gloss available from vending machines now:"
"Well free them goodies alright "
"THERE IS NO ESCAPE FROM ME"
"The hush"
"How they call this move?"
"This is going to scare the shit out my nephew in the morning."
"30 years later and I still do the same thing every night in my bed"
"Now that's a clever slogan"
"The In-Laws Might be Telling Us Something"
"Cartoon from 1875"
"Alter ego/mirror mirror"
"Maya and her 'blep' ball"
"Australia’s Ariarne Titmus wins gold and her coach Dean Boxall goes absolutely BONKERS"
"The hairdryer in my hotelroom has a rearm button, is this the 'how to get away with murdering your girlfriend' button"
Si
Soap
"Robinhood failed trolling"
"Big Gay Car?"
"At least he owns it, right?"
"With or without the nip?"
"Companies and Animal Testing"
Hmmm
"Finally someone got it right"
"The Pro Ultra Max Model"
"Who remembers Heckle and Jeckle?"
"Big Truck, Little D***"
"I thought my Lyft ride was a hidden camera show"
"It’s a 420 sandwich."
"My dad is two different people."
"United by Erotica"
"News anchor forgets where he is, walks behind co-anchor while she’s still on air."
Explosive!
"It pays to advertise."
"This video always resurfaces around Olympic time. The best badminton rant on the internet"
"Bring da mother, bring da mother f*ckin ruckus!"
"Boy at park"
"This has been going in for a minute now and my 2 AM brain finds this funny"
"Olympian from Eritrea got tired of standing and laid down on the field in the Olympics opening ceremony"
"Idk dude, I was bored"
"I love my Mama!"
"Fruitarian Birthday"
Indeed
"This Box arrived with 40lbs of Catnip…"
Bear
"Thanks, that's the way I was heading"
"Cetacean Recruitment"
"At women’s hospital waiting room, exactly what my expecting wife and other pregnant women want to watch while they wait for baby to come out"
"Daniel Radcliffe & John Malkovich discuss serial killers"
"Fair enough"
"Well, this is useless."
"Despacito “translated” to English"
"Visited my 72 y/o, very reserved grandmother this weekend and this was the coffee mug she used the whole time."
"I think I've seen 3 of these 5 characters before"
"Sears preparing us for the aliens"
"First words!"
"Failed Blanka/Kano Roll"
"My girlfriend is housesitting for my family while we're on vacation, and sent this to me today."
"If you hold out long enough, you too can have one of the best (active) Christma light displays in your city, state, or country. Happy Christmas in July y’all."
"A scammers fake internet banking website has tips to identify fake website"
"Getting caught knocking on someone's door"
"An all P keyboard."
"What if we used 100% of our brain?"
"Hot New Dance"
"Found on a stall door in England"
"From an article about Activision Blizzard's lawsuit over harassment of female employees. Protect the broads"
"Sitting and standing, same time!"
"Gummy schlong"
"Considered posting this in /r/theyknew… but I really hope they didn’t."
"Surprise Test"
"No plastic plz."
"Dog is also in tension with investor in current situation."
"Thank you in advance!"
Stimulating!
"""Monster"" [OC]"
"Serious attitude when looking up the name of the Olympic player I was watching"
"Spotted in Barrie Ontario probably because he's buried his face in booty."
"It was my brothers birthday last week and he decided to regift me his card. He’s 33"
"Just a cat enjoying classical music :)"
Hooray!
"I think the fish purposefully planned to do this."
"Let's come together."
"First, they heat-sealed my mouse, now they're vacuum-sealing it"
"He's kind of a KFC kind of dude."
"Brazilian commentator doing a play by play commentary on getting his vaccine"
"Cat Olympics"
"Calf Raises [OC]"
"How does it feel?"
"Having multiple Toy Story aliens react to each other’s phrases"
Kidnapped
"I hope I cooked this right.. just followed the instructions."
"For the laughter illiterate"
"You have to love Aussie Pride!"
"There goes my tent..."
"So I tried to open my pudding…"
"The finish line at the Men’s Triathlon in Tokyo"
"I accidentally left my stopwatch running..."
"Some wild stuff on Florida's FB Marketplace"
"Rihanna. For real."
"MasterChef UK vs US"
"We didn’t figure out which coworker wrote it but we all laughed. #foodservice"
"Rick and Morty season 5 has been really good so far (:"
"This is why we can't have nice things lol"
"The sign I saw at a Museum......"
"Surprise in my salt shaker at the Diner "
"Seems secure"
"ACME E2 Storytime"
"Vision loss? Put a fuckin cucumber on your cheek"
"Got Rick Rolled at the supermarket"
"Make it rain on them toes."
"My friend got engaged this week so I made her a little gift for the occasion"
"John and Yoko ........"
"It turns out, all Jeff and Richard had to do was go to Chik-Fil-A..."
"Some things are lost in translation"
"Realised the subtitles is not exact words spoken and wanted to see those. But, Live Caption doesn't work for French. The timing was wrong too. (Note: Trying to learn French)."
"SHIT, I’m late for work"
"I think their staff might need some help.."
"My 'Tender' Heart"
"Girlfriend's car's mileage is now legit"
"Want to go to space on the cheap? Try this!"
"Tide pods"
"Today I found a cool plant in the street"
"Drake and Josh The Reboot"
"My buddy just got a new laser printer. I printed this for him as a surprise. Not perfect. But very funny"
"Denzel Impersonation to Fresh Prince of Bel-Air"
"Store in Somalia"
"Anybody else catch Tom Segura on Netflix's Sexy Beasts?"
"My nephew seemed to enjoy his first day at daycare"
"A local taxi company. (Apologies, I accidentally deleted the last post)."
"Yeah she does."
"My cat having what appears to be an existential crisis…"
Everywhere
"Life with a toddler"
"20 minutes"
"Monster Trucks meet PC Computer Language Drag Racing"
"My brother really loves this show and his birthday is coming up so I got him this cameo shoutout from Russ Hanneman, I think he's gonna love it"
"Just my cat getting his nails done"
"Some people say he’s still running (not sure if nsfw because….pants)"
"Pikachu gone gangsta"
"Pure perfection"
"Drunk from Baby Tea"
"Sonic ruins the Olympics"
Upgrade
"I’m not ugly, I’m"
"My 9-month old puppy is still as excited as on day 1...."
"Think abaout it"
"I love my dad's sense of humor."
"Me, born in Europe, visiting my family in Iraq right now"
"Audio from Bezos space launch LEAKED"
"Uber Eats Australia gets its Wiggle on"
"Put a collar on my cat for the first time. I don't know, I feel like he has some strong feelings about this."
"As seen on television!!!"
"Taco flavored kisses for my Ben"
"Mmm bacon"
"Bath Mat, I concur."
"Who can spot the anomaly? (This is actually real btw)"
"No doubt."
"Easy instructions."
"Flood olympics in the Philippines amidst the week-long rain."
"I think we're past CPR at this point"
"Working From Home.."
"Does ""sending all my thoughts and prayers"" really do anything?"
"Go home Pikachu you're drunk."
"Little Puma "
"Andy kind of made his Headmistress do the homework. Flex!"
"Today I got shit on by a squirrel, then it almost happened again - twice."
"Mickey came for Goofy in this Outside remix “Goofy Betty pray on my mama”"
"Followers [OC]"
"How safety distances are measured in a French bakery…"
"How can you get naked and then climb inside this?"
"That's some serious off roading"
"So many salads to choose from"
"He should have cracked"
"Metal Gear Otter"
"A Story in 2 Parts"
"Think I'll pass on traveling 'folded'"
"The way our Safety Manager stores the CPR training dummies"
"Laughing so hard at this I almost died"
"Twerking mannequin at John Lewis"
"Error 404 - Obstacle not found"
"This is how you get on right?"
"Today was my Mum’s birthday…"
"eh? cake? We don't know ..."
"The article said he was 8 years older. My kid said the fish looked 8 years older too."
"Amazing world of Gumball hilarious joke about fantasy media"
"How to confuse Americans"
"Crime doesn’t pay ..."
"Culver's skips #69. Lol."
"An excellent coat rack or thingy holder. If adventurous, also a treadmill."
"Well, I guess we’re going to be up here a while."
"Lol Switzerland"
Wut?
"This ""love letter"" video is 15 years old and still makes me laugh. It deserves more views I think."
"UFO sighting in Alvord Desert, OR"
"""UwU, whats this?"""
"Nooo, i said a heart!?! WTF is this monstrosity"
"Whoever wrote this table had to know what they were doing....."
"Your words are as empty as your future. I am the vanguard of your destruction. This exchange is over."
"Criss Angel in 2000s looks like he wants to talk to the manager"
"The best time to play is never, apparently..."
"I think my cat is broken....."
"Lie-cence plate"
"The Vancouver Canucks are next on the cock"
"Humor is subjective but this has me cracking up! I can't help it!"
"Out for a ride today on my 2 wheeler and came across this sign. It was just outside the city limits, down a dead end road. (I love how farmers tell it like it is)"
wat
"Hehe. Cumming."
"Not sure if this is the best or worst name for his occupation"
"Kingdom, A Duke Hyou Prequel: Chapters 1-4"
"Attended a wedding today and the band at the reception had George Lucas playing keyboards"
"Bohemian Rhapfruity"
"Shouldn’t have eaten their cheeseburger"
"Intel core i9 10th Gen vs i9 11th gen"
"Seems right."
"Dude on the left had absolutely zero interest in his team's cringe introduction."
"Delicious: yes. Lawsuit: probably."
"Borat in PUBG Taego"
"There aren't a lot of shows that make me laugh this hard. I had to share with you all! If you haven't seen Ash vs Evil Dead you are missing out."
"And i took that personally"
"But what *kind* of pie?"
"Lick It!"
"Helping to break the wood"
"Ahh yes very proud"
"My English teacher made this"
"Buck Shot Nut Shot"
"My neighbors are having a spat over a bush.... I guess?"
"Back to the present"
"Budget plastic surgery anyone?"
Nope
"Sh*t my husband misheard."
"Nothing to see here, just an image of a Japanese Daruma Doll"
"[OC] Alarm clockfighting"
"Monkey shoves doggo in the pool  "
"Finally home for the summer. Spotted my father trying to offer his steak to the cat the first night. Oliver is not amused at all."
"Can I trust you?"
"Every man in the world has felt this way. Hilarious Friend Zone Anthem"
"No need to read the ingredients"
"He watches me eat"
"We get it, your produce is worthless"
"My Brest friend, truly."
"Reverse fade"
"Stealing that data"
"[OC] Soon"
"The cat was like take me with you buddy"
"""Yeah you better run!"""
"Imagine if this works"
"I know you have a Hole"
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
"Quicksand (OC)"
"I do not like where they placed the inflation valve on my new unicorn floaty"
"Being a 3d artist I just had to do this"
"9mm does more damage than you'd think"
"This house isn't empty..."
"MSST Coach had some interesting personal facts to share at his interview"
"Sequel to Snakes on a Plane"
"Quarantine (a song about being in quarantine during the pandemic of the early 2020’s)"
"Lil web slinger setup shop in our kitchen so I put some fruit fly bait nearby to help a brother out and my wife decided he needed a name and backstory."
"Crocodile Boat"
"My sister’s dog looking as funny as ever"
"What Game Callouts Sound-Like to Parents"
"Shoutout to whoever curated the Men's Athletic shoe section"
"Mario for the gold. Tokyo 2020."
"Asian astronaut in the ocean"
"I am not sure if these spikes work as intented"
"Whoa black betty"
"Facebook marketplace in Australia is something else"
"An elegant moment."
"Local Time traveler enthusiasts are employing new tactics to try and weed out those who have figured it out."
"Boondocks negotiations"
"Saw this legend around town."
"This is Coco and Riley.. two dogs I board. It’s just a phase, Mom."
"If I was a teacher"
"Ur Boy Bangz - Take U To KFC - [OFFICIAL VIDEO]"
"I build fake products and I created a safe way to go naked on a Zoom call."
"Just a reminder of that time Corey Feldman serenaded his fiancee on national television"
"For all your excavating needs."
"Totally anonymous"
"It’s the year 2524. This technology was built to last!"
"This is needed in every bathroom."
"Just saw in parking lot... They coming for us?"
"Blast off!"
"low level mobs"
"Never let anyone tell you that you are worthless."
"My wife filmed me coming out of anesthesia."
"Gold medal performance."
"10 yr old daughter is away for a couple weeks and wanted me to feed her fish. Based on the detailed instructions she left it’s safe to say ol’ dad hasn’t impressed her with my intelligence yet."
"PROOF : THAT CATS DONT ALWAYS LAND ON THEIR FEET."
#wfw
"This is a great funny video"
"More great actors ruined by drugs and alcohol"
"How to Properly Greet Hornets at 7am. OC"
"A game idea I made with two classmates back in 2018"
"I really really want it to be pronounced Duh-Dee"
"my mom just asked me not to hang this in my room because it scares her"
"Updated tokyo Olympic games logo"
"Someone gave my roommate this flag. I took it upon myself to fix it for him."
"My mother showed me this test from one of her students"
"Why you should at all times avoid being a shuttlecock."
"Those shadows are getting out of hand. Credit on the picture."
"According to an earlier post, I’m apparently 3 different people…"
"My wife and I saw this while watching Olympic coverage and couldn't stop laughing."
"Never stood a chance"
"Any Complaints? Found at the break and smog shop DMV sent me to."
"My cat Twinkie looking like she is about to do 10 rounds with Mike Tyson"
"No objections from me..."
"Remembering Michael Clark Duncan's as Cleon Salmon From Slammin' Salmon in his funniest role!"
"Came across this at the farmers market. Needless to say, instant purchase."
"Good Shape"
"""Hey how do you spell the girl version of Aaron?"" "" With an E."" ""Oh okay, thanks!"""
"I'm at the pool and I've never felt so safe"
"Don’t think you’d need the nasal spray in that case"
Deflated
"Literally the look my 160lb Great Dane gives me anytime my girlfriend tries to kick him out of bed at night so she can lay down lol."
"Sure Google maps"
"holy water is not enough anymore"
"I told Google to remind me to do a site check this morning and this is what I saw lol "
"Just another evening in Studio City, California"
"Tried to take a photo of my latest catch, but the fish was a bit impatient"
"The Special Effects in Black Panther 2 are going to be amazing"
"Ordered a cake for my kid’s birthday and added a birthday greeting. Food delivery app had an option to add pastries to my order and I said yes. Never again."
"To be fair, a lot of us own hockey sticks"
"I was loving this colour and having a great time eating my hotdog. Was."
"The timing of when this video clip froze with this error message"
"Kim Jong-Un found in Tokyo2020"
"Metro vibin'"
"Rocker clown and posse part 2"
"Birb like stretch."
"Truer words may have never been spoke"
"Life is like a yard sale sign…."
"She put a worm down my shirt so I put one on her leg. Wasn’t prepared for her freak out!"
"The current state of Masters of the Universe"
"I put a security camera in my room as I suspect myself of sleep walking recently"
"My sister wanted a coke so my dad improvised"
"Was it left or right at the swamp ?"
"I've Got a Problem with my Apple! The One Ronnie - BBC"
"Trust me, I'm a gypsy"
"They may as well just said “ hope you know what it is.”"
"Florida Man is getting braver everyday....."
"This guy knows how to yard sale…"
Gang
"Walking Dead: Parody"
"Recently got into woodworking. I present to you... R2Deez2Nutz"
"Trying to remember where I parked after a long business trip"
"Sigma Guy"
"much secure"
"Finally found a sack holder."
"Movie theater had some overnight changes"
"This eggplant we grew "
"Have you seen Chef?"
"2 Dudes One Zipper Cowlitz County Fair 7/24/21. (NSFW for language) There are 2 kinds of people in the world."
"Old Memories"
"Interesting ordering of stores in a Birmingham Shopping Centre "
"Rick in Fortnite."
"Keep your eyes on the road, not dat booty!"
"Cocomelon is everywhere even without your kids…."
"Steven’s one with the force!"
"Caught this out of the corner of my eye"
"Jeremy Clarkson describing Miami"
"Florida man finds woman skinny-dipping in his pool"
"Ah yes who could forget such a classic movie like……"
"Living Dangerously"
"It took me a while to figure what the word was. Lol"
Ninja
"I don't want salvation, I just want some pie"
"Livin on the edge"
"Only in Asia"
"Sorry lizard people / robots."
"The trolley in front of me was moving all by itself!"
"How do you lose a fish?"
"My husband’s sweat made the shape of a heart. ️"
"This dog is dirty"
"This posting in my neighborhood"
"should we ban Australians from Olympia?"
"Just strolling through the mall..."
"I said it's bathtime"
"My kitten figured out he could climb trees today, unfortunately he didn’t give much thought to getting down until he was stuck"
"Extra thicc"
"Found the length to the sun"
"Nice evening with cheese."
"It didn’t fit inside my pants…"
"Did they say Olympic Games or Hunger Games?"
"I make literal rap videos with stock videos."
"Can I run this over?"
"A girl of like 5 years old kept showing me her middelfinger so I filmed it."
"Funny how this is a kids movie with all the bewbs"
"Crusty crab pizza, is the pizza, because..."
Bark?
"My sister and I got these for my birthday. I don't know how to Instagram but apparently... People really like it"
"[OC] Inverted Paradox: The Enemy Within"
"The Bog of Eternal Stench"
"A dog at the animal hospital that I work at faced off against a mighty foe this day"
"Rocker clown and possee"
"The person that was stocking the shelves had a little fun"
Costumes
"I donated blood so it takes less to get drunk"
"Hello teddy, OH GOD"
"They're coming!"
"Is that an expedition?"
"M. night Shyamalan’s first movie."
"Weird game"
"Went to the ATM to get cash to buy weed, and look who had signed one of my twenties."
"Where do you find the worst customer service in the world?"
"Anonymous Employee Survey"
"I lied to you, there's no fish here"
"The URL for 'Stormfront' has been purchased... and repurposed."
"Saw this"
"Here’s the question:"
"Found this while searching for a restaurant"
"ngl kinda impressive"
"My Italian friend said make me a motaur, a vespa motaur."
"Ghost caught on anime filter "
"Kerri Walsh returns for record 15th Summer Olympics"
"Ordering online wasn’t enough, I guess I’ll make an appointment."
"I use my carpentry skills to repair defective peanut butter and jelly sandwiches."
"I appreciate the reminder"
"Spin to win"
" "
he
"Haunting Find at My Local Thrift Shop"
"Kevin Hart with the sick burn."
"An Accurate Stoner Moment"
"Found Uncle Rico in an old Judge Judy episode"
"So, what am I supposed to do here?"
"On Halloween I accident gave some kids a Christmas pudding."
"She must be having happy dreams"
"My cozy baby"
"Scout being high maintenance. 45 minutes stuck like this."
"His smile is damn cute"
"Smiley boy Fluffy"
"I think he's happy."
"Little guy looks so happy"
"My Mr. Puma normally loathes my camera, but sometimes he doesn’t mind it (:"
"Mistah joined me for a short afternoon nap!"
"Mistah interrupted my schoolwork for some midday pets, worth it to see that smile!"
"Just relaxing in bed"
"This smiling girl keeping herself warm above the radiator"
"The face he makes when he wants to play"
"My sly smile baby"
"So happy with his new bed"
"Smiley Boi with stuffed cat"
"I think my cat smiles for the camera"
"My sweet baby, loves nursing school lectures"
"Happy sleepy kitty"
"our smiling little baby miso!"
"Happy 100th Birthday! To blind granny cat, Jinx! (21 in human years)."
"Hello this is Gabber the Talking Cat. He is a happy boy and loves to smile! "
"Happy Pets"
"Blind granny cat Jinx (age 20) who I assume is having good dreams with that smile!"
"A little smile in his sleep"
"Sure, I don't mind being pet!"
"Meet Morello, my F2 Savannah"
"Balcony cat has a happy"
"she smilin"
"Just a smiley, sleepy little girl!"
"sitting in my nephews stroller"
"Smiling because she FINALLY got the towel on the floor"
"Taika says hello new smiling friends!"
"*mya under the influence of catnip "
"not mine but I think it's adorable."
"So relaxed"
"Isn't she cute?"
"Mr. Darcy smiles in his sleep after a long day of being a kitten"
"Get yourself a boo who looks at you like our store’s cat looks my my coworker."
"Illegals smol smile"
"Head scratch smiles!"
"Happy Leo"
"Blinded, but still happy Leo"
"Poppy says, hello World, my eyes just opened : )"
"Happy Old Ginger Girl ♡"
Blu...
"She makes me so happy..."
"Smiling in her sleep :)"
"Chestnut the Smiling Cat"
"This is a smile for my Liara"
"Ta-Da! "
"My happy boy after I came home!"
" this cutie"
"Her name is Susan"
"My Smirking girl"
Meow
"My girl giving her biggest smile!"
"Happy boy!"
"Hey guys! Someone mentioned this sub to me and I thought you might like to see this little vamps smile :)"
"Mods are asleep, upvote smiledog"
"This cat"
"sleep smiles ️"
"Cone of shame? Or comfy neck pillow?"
"Pipsqueak Smiles!"
"Upside down smile"
"Angus says smile, it’s the weekend!"
"Happy Sunday"
"Soaking in the sun :)"
"Tiggy smiles all the time"
"Tiggy Anne Always Has A Smile For Me, Even When She Gets Wakened From A Nap"
"Being Outside And Practicing Her Hunting Skillz Makes Olive Smile"
"Kitten & her new friend :-)"
"Belly rubs!"
"Abby is always smiling"
"I took this picture of Martin and thought “I wonder if there’s a sub for smiling cats”. Well-timed indeed."
"Happy to not live under a dumpster anymore."
"Best smile I've seen all day"
"True love"
"He always smiles in my arms"
"Smiling Cats has been created"
"Relaxing after a morning hike"
"Sophie doing a smile"
"Smiling Thor"
"Big smile"
"Midge is so happy, but so dirty."
"Derpy smileee"
"More of a cheeky grimace"
"My boy Mac is and has always been a happy happy puppy"
"These Dogs Stretched Their Faces In A Smile! | Smiling Dogs"
"Poppy, my smiling dog "
"At daycare"
"Fetch makes her smile"
"Smiling Dogs Compilation  | 8 minutes of laugh"
"Baby Yoda enjoying some soft rubs"
"Happy Phoebe "
"Just happy to be here"
"This is my bench, and I’m happy with that fact."
Heh
"Had to Pause Playtime to get these Pics!"
Hello
"Husky Photo Shoot"
"She smiles. Do you like her smile?"
"A smiling dog."
"Say “Cheese”!!! A good morning to all of you from Sasha ️"
"Smiley Booty Rubs"
"Fletcher says hello"
"Jimmy is the goodest boi"
"Chewie was happy to come to work today"
"After Coca came to Canada, she’s been smiling non-stop :)"
"Staffy Sugar’s Smile!"
"My favorite picture of Violet! From an abused, neglected hound to a loving member of our family! I love this girl!"
"Day 1 of having our Dachshund puppy named Moose home. He looks happy when he sleeps."
"Fresh after a haircut"
"Gonzo is happy on her walkie"
"look at this cute pupper dog"
"Just because he learned how to smile today!"
"Meet Pela!"
"Another smiling pup for your feed!"
"Say hello to buddy the bandit"
"Lola "
"Cheese! Say hello to Heaven"
"Charlie says to always stop to smell the flowers"
"Does this count as a smiling puppers?"
"Mr. Joey says hello"
"My horse boy trotting down the street on his 4th birthday today  (low quality video courtesy of my dad)"
"He was so happy to see me in the morning"
"Big upside down smile!"
"A sleepy smile from the gorgeous boyI’m looking after."
"Good boy"
"I think she's broken"
"That side smile though"
"Sammy smiles like this after every walk! <3"
"So happy she met santa."
Hello.
"So every so often I pop in next door to keep an eye on their dogs if they are out for the day etc and this little goofball is always very happy to see me! He’s a majestic little egg!"
"Poppy dobie happy puppy"
"Smiling in the sun"
"Pearly whites!"
"Melon is a big smiler"
"Pretty girl, Prada."
"My doggo, Roxie"
"Adoptable Burton at best friends gives the smiles for scritches"
"Does this count?"
"Closeup of Hank snuggling me last night"
"My friend’s pupperoo"
"Smiling golden retriever puppy!"
"Just along for the ride"
"Happy Bridget"
"Cheesy grin"
Leo
"Happy Easter boye"
"Walter loves car rides !"
Heyyy
"Just the happiest and most handsome dog ever"
:)
Mood
"#rose being a creeper"
"Meet Douglas. You're already his best friend!"
"Cheesing for her vet ID photo."
"Derpy smile"
"Luna loves weekends!"
"Before and after you're told you're a good gurl"
"I'm eating tacos."
"Is there anything better than a happy pup?"
"Lulu, it's 23 degrees in Michigan."
"Happy boy!"
"Summer sun and a boat ride made her grin."
"Hey dawgs it's lit"
"Dat warm sun"
"Getting some o' those early morning bed cuddles"
"Announcement of rule change in /r/babyelephantgifs"
"Cuddles with mommy"
"“Hey mum, look what I can do with my nose noodle!” "
"Baby elephant playing with water and a ball"
"Baby elephants snuggling"
"Baby elephant runs to his mom."
"""Look at what I can do"""
"Helpful Baby Elephant"
"Baby is sleeping"
"Baby elephant and his friend playing. He tries the hidden ball trick. No hands so perfectly legal move."
"He knows all the shortcuts."
"Just like the elephants they follow, cattle egrets live in a fixed social group—so when you see the same elephants again and again, you might be seeing the same cattle egrets as well."
Weeeeeeee
"Elephant baby having fun times in the pool"
"Baby elephant and his mother building a bond"
"Relatable baby elephant"
"Herd gathers to welcome a new baby"
"When Mom restrict you from playing in water but you are baby Elephant"
"Baby elephant's first steps!"
"Baby elephants attempting to get out of the water"
"Baby elephant playing with a tire"
"What a ham"
"Fun with a broken water pipe"
"Baby elephant and its toy."
"Deeper than he thought"
"4 year old baby Khun Seuk loves climbing fences even though he may struggle from time to time"
"Catch me If you can!!"
"Mooom!!! I said I wanted pizza!"
"“I think this bath tub is a little small for me!” ?"
"Beautiful Elephants! "
"Baby Elephants being clumsy are what makes them so special!"
"Man Down!!"
"Just a happy baby elephant"
"baby elephant steals food from a sleepy friend"
"Friendly baby elephant"
"Moving earth to save an elephant and her baby"
"Villagers came together to save trapped baby elephant"
"I’m a big elephant Rawr"
"The freshest baby elephant"
"Adorable moment baby elephant keeps slipping over on a hill"
"Children's Health"
"Fun With Baby Elephant"
"When you are little and you realize there is something hanging there"
"Tiny baby scared to take a step"
"Such a happy family of elephants "
"When asked to do chores on a Sunday afternoon."
"First Steps"
"Baby elephants attempting to get out of the water"
"Never far from the protection of mom."
"Happy going into the pool, happy coming out of the pool"
"Fear me!"
"Elephants block the road in order to get a drink. The baby elephant hasn't learned how to use it's trunk to the full yet so it brings it's face all the way to the water to drink."
"Thank you for the great comunity"
"Mom...Mom...Mom...I'm ready to play Mom..."
"Newborn baby chasing mom's trunk"
"Baby elephant reunited with his favorite zoo keeper"
"Adorable moment baby elephant keeps slipping over on a hill"
"Beautiful Elephant Family! ️"
"Cute baby elephant drinking water"
"Baby elephant playing with a dog"
"Baby elephant shenanigans"
"Baby elephants are so cute."
"Mother's Day is May 9th. Adopting an orphaned elephant at the Sheldrick Wildlife Trust can be a great gift for just $50."
"Looks like all kids like playing with the hose!"
"Boop...got u... hahahaha..."
"They see me walking..then see me slippin'"
"I am not gonna faaaaallll....dang it!"
"Hmm...what should I do today..."
"Greatest table manners!"
"Still such a baby"
"Baby elephants can get the zoomies too"
"Baby elephant gets wrecked by soccer ball"
"Hello sir may I assist you"
"Bondeni is that one cute kid that always knows how to work a camera! @ Sheldrick Wildlife Trust, of course! :)"
"Baby Elephant defends against fowl play"
"Aww yiss, got my blankie."
"/r/babyelephantgifs hit 500k subscribers yesterday"
"What do elephants dream of when they take a little elephant snooze..."
"Baby elephant playing soccer with a dung ball"
"Baby elephant shenanigans"
"Baby Dumbo Gets All The Skritches!"
"Baby elephants are so clumsy"
"[OC] Mother elephant nursing her baby elephant calf"
"When you haven't quite figured out how your trunk works"
"I guess this is my life now"
"Baby Elephant coming to say hi but mom's in a hurry"
"Mother elephant lays down to encourage her newborn who cannot yet stand"
"Just your average day at the Sheldrick Wildlife Trust"
"Nutty elephant!"
"HERD - South Africa's First Elephant Orphanage"
"Baby elephant makes a friend"
"What a sweetheart!"
"Orphans come in all shapes and sizes at the Sheldrick Wildlife Trust"
"This cute heavy sleeper been posted before?"
"Cute Baby Elephant "
"Sweet dreams!"
"Happy Family"
"Animals truly make the world a better place️"
"When the elephant baby don`t know how to drink with nose."
"Look what I can do!"
"Play time"
"Elephant baby has met his match"
"Baby elephant practices his terrifying charge"
CHARGE!
"Kick That Ball!"
"Shower time!"
"Dust bath for baby"
"I’m raffling off this crochet elephant to raise money for The Elephant Sanctuary In Tennessee! Details in comments. Mod approved. :)"
"Morning run"
"Baby elephants are so cute."
"Baby elephants are so clumsy"
Scritches
"3 happy baby elephants running around"
"Baby elephant learning how to use her trunk"
"Yindee eight year old elephant bull is growing up.... (See comment)"
"Baby elephant's first steps"
"Just a shy little elephant saying hi"
"Feeding time"
"Curious little Ngilai wants to know what all the valves and hoses on the back of the water truck do @ Sheldrick Wildlife Trust"
"Baby Mun's first time experiencing snow"
"That's a hope giving gif"
"Two drunk men in an elephant suit"
"Like most elephants in Kenya, the orphans at the Sheldrick Wildlife Trust have a red-orange hue to their skin, which is the result of spending time in Kenya's famous red clay soil."
"Baby elephants are pretty cute"
"Baby elephant Khanyisa foraging with her mom Bubi"
"Wan Mai the baby elephant tries to play with a dog"
"Baby elephants are so clumsy"
"Baby elephant Bondeni joyously plays with the water trough"
"SWT keepers start a game of chase"
"Baby elephant is still wobbly on its feet"
"Baby elephant playing with a dog"
"Singer Cher interacts with Kaavan, an elephant transported from Pakistan to Cambodia"
"What a sweetheart!"
"Rescued Albino calf Khanysia, joins the herd of former orphans."
"Mom helps her newly born baby elephant stand up"
"Baby elephant playing in water"
"The babiest-baby elephant gif I’ve ever seen (from the OKC zoo)"
"Baby elephant can't climb road barrier but Mom comes back to give a boost"
"If I must post something before I leave I might as well give you this baby elephant gif"
"A baby elephant enjoying his bath"
"Baby Elephant takes her First Bath | BBC Earth - YouTube"
"That baby nod though"
"A baby elephant taking it's first steps"
"Lil’ Snuffleupagus"
"The Herd comes to check on rescued baby Khanyisa"
"Just a couple of baby elephants playing"
"Baby elephant's first time in a bathtub"
"Baby elephant doesn't know what to do with its trunk"
"Rescue baby elephant celebrates 1st birthday"
"Sad the little guy lost a leg, but glad people were there to help"
"Baby elephant gets his afternoon bottle"
"Little one practicing a mock charge"
"Naleku at Sheldrick Wildlife Trust says hi"
"A wild herd stopping to rest."
"Naughty Ellie"
"Sweet dreams!"
MOOOMMMM
"Tough little guy!"
"One helluvalong gif!"
"Bondeni (""Fat as butter"")"
"The Ithumba herd"
"Newborn finding the milk"
"Found on Giphy"
"Just the happiest little elephant running about!"
"Rangers succeed in getting a lost baby elephant to chase their vehicle for 3 kilometers until reunited with its mother"
"Can't be having those birds around"
"Litle Aeroplane running on the grass"
trained
"I get by with a little help from my friends."
"Learning the trunk game."
"Newborn baby elephant in the Serengeti"
"There’s an Elephant Baby Boom in Kenya: Thanks to Rainfall, a Record Number Born Including Rare Twins"
"I has a ribbon!"
"The littlest milk thief."
"Little one bullies a sapling."
"This is how baby elephants drink water. They don't know how to use their trunks to drink until they are 9 months old."
"Elephants Curious About My Virtual Visit"
"Khanyisa (the albino calf) was rescued a few months ago, and now is being cared for by a former rescued elephant, Kumbura. The circle of rescued elephants continues at great places like Hoedspruit Elephant Rehabilitation and Development."
"Hanging out in the safest spot while Mom has a snack."
"Baby Makato is not content with one bottle so tries to sneak more at Sheldrick Wildlife Trust"
"Imitating mom and then having a nap."
"Trying to blow bubbles"
"Mild zoomies, pause for reflection, up the hill, and back to Mom."
"This is what friends are for!"
"1st birthday fun for the baby at the Vienna Zoo."
"No Elephant left behind"
"baby elephant REALLY trying to drink milk from mom who's busy drinking water from a well she dug"
"Baby elephant can't climb road barrier but Mom comes back to give a boost"
oops
"Baby Elephants Play Mounting"
"Baby Elephants Head Stuck In A Tree"
"Baby Elephants Playing"
"Three's a crowd"
"Baby elephant practicing its charge!"
"Elephant Trying To Kick A Baby Elephant"
"Baby elephant in fresh dirt"
"Baby Elephant And His Mom Being Cute"
"Piggyback rides and baby elephants just don't mix."
"When you haven't really figured out how to use your Trunk yet"
"Baby Elephant Cant Get Up And Tumbles"
"Four young elephants playing"
"two baby elephants being silly"
"teen elephant wrestling with two baby elephants"
"So tough! So Scary!"
"Since gfycat is down, and there are no new posts, I'm posting my favorite elephant of all time. Lily passed away some time ago, but she was loved by many."
"Elephant Bull Doesnt Let A Youngster Drink From A Water Hole"
"Annoying Mom"
"Baby Elephant Being Bullied By Its Siblings"
"Brand new baby elephant taking its first steps"
"Mother Elephant Protecting Two Young Elephants Playing"
"Baby Elephant Jumping And Charging"
"Hey, r/Houston- welcome our newest resident- Nelson, a 326 lb. baby elephant just born at the Houston Zoo!"
"Not your typical scratching post."
"Baby Elephant Wrestling Match"
"Roho (@TSWT) finishing his bottle."
"Bluff charges and fierce attitude."
"How to wake up a baby elephant"
"Lil guy testing the waters of life"
WHARRGARBL

Hooligans.
"A little albino baby with the herd."
"Mom was raised by humans, now its her turn to raise a baby."
"No, this is MY milk."
"Elephants are Awesome"
"Baby elephant unsuccessfully trying to be scary"
"Come @ me bro"
"A little snuggle session."
"Rainy days at Sheldrick Wildlife Trust"
"Baby decides to take a bath"
"Little one crossing the road."
"Hello humans"
"Feeding time can be messy"
"Mock charge from a baby elephant"
"Having a trunk must be fun"
"I can hold my own bottle!"
"Miss Uganda -UK with baby elephant at Uganda Wildlife education centre"
"Baby elephant apprehending a staff vehicle"
"There is always room for one more...."
"I saw this little one on a recent trip to South Africa."
"The tiniest little elephant"
"Saying hello"
"Little elephant amusing itself"
"Newborn elephant taking a while to find its footing"
"Learning to elephant"
"Raker of the year"
"A little bull's mock charge"
"A little one saying hi"
"Fun in the dirt at San Diego Zoo Safari Park"
"I took this video in India of this cute hungry baby elephant that was running to get food and then respectfully slowed down to give way before continued rushing forward again"
"Polishing off the milk bottle with admirable speed"
"Just a mischievous and happy little elephant!"
"Mischievous imps... little buddy encouraging big buddy to climb over the fence and come play "
"A tender moment with KHANYISA and her caretaker @ Hoedspruit Elephant Rehabilitation and Development"
"Snacktime closeup at the San Diego Zoo"
"Baby elephant was born today in Prague Zoo! It's so fluffy!"
"Happy little one."
"Heavyweight title fight broken up by an overprotective sister."
"But mom, I was just saying hello!"
"Rangers succeed in getting a lost baby elephant to chase their vehicle for 3 kilometers until reunited with its mother"
"How not to social distance"
"Playful little elephant"
"Pushing your friend in the pool"
"You did your best"
"Adorable baby elephant at the Chester Zoo"
"Curious little baby elephant"
"Baby elephant charges a bird, but slams on the breaks when she sees Dad!"
"Just going for a run!"
"Hello friend!"
"Baby elephant gets frustrated after failing to catch the dog"
"That's one excited little elephant"
"Affectionate little elephant"
Cuddles
"Cute baby elephant"
"Coming by to say hi"
"Just derping around on the ground"
"They know where the milk is kept. @TSWT"
"Alright, time to get up"
"Baby elephant entertaining itself"
"Curious little elephant checking out the humans"
"Wake up mom!"
"Playing with your food"
"Wild Elephants take advantage of the Mfuwe lodges open door policy"
" A baby elephant discovering their trunk "
"DOLOLO peeking out from his stall @DSWT"
"Kairavi @okczoo is starting to leave her Mom's side to play in the water when the opportunity arises."
"Happy bath time"
"Derpy little elephant trying to stand up"
"A brave baby elephant defending its herd from wildlife photographers"
"Look mom, I'm faster!"
"Baby elephant plays with his trunk"
"Elephant Nature Park is in need of donations due to ongoing cancellations amid virus fears. Tourist visits to ENP provide revenue to feed, heal, house, and entertain rescued herds - some of whose adorable babies are featured in gifs here. (Linking with mod permission, official FB post in comments)"
"Just stretching!"
"Baby just wants to play in the water"
"Baby elephant is so excited for milk!"
"Baby elephant didn't like the smell of the Land Rover"
" A mother elephant helping her newborn calf to their feet for the first time "
"Just out for a morning jog"
"Baby elephant practicing charging"
"I'm coming mom!"
"Time for milk"
"Just saying hello"
"So much fun in the mud!"
"Just passing by"
"Albino baby saying hello"
"Baby elephant's first steps"
"Learning how to walk"
"Milk time"
"Baby elephant learning how to drink with its trunk"
"What a bro."
"One week old elephant had some fun in the mud!"
"Just two baby elephants having the best day ever"
"Baby Dumbo being clumsy."
"Hi there, nice to meet you"
"The first time is always the most fun"
"Just a cheeky little elephant"
"New kid on the block"
"Just checking out the humans"
"Good boy playing with a good boy"
"Trying to help a baby elephant"
"Baby elephant standing for the first time"
"Baby elephant taking a break to play in the mud"
"A baby elephant's love..."
"Just a shy little elephant saying hi"
"Excited little elephant in Botswana"
"A young elephant trying to get a fence painter to play with her"
"Sleepy baby"
"Fun in the dirt"
"I'm coming mom!"
"These babies are well protected @DSWT"
"Hungry babies moving fast."
"Baby elephant tries to push his brother into the water"
"no fair! I wasn't ready yet."
"Elephantitude abounds in the babes at Sheldrick Wildlife Trust"
"Mud wrasslin'"
"It's his road...remember that."
"Baby steps"
"Baby elephant at the Sheldrick Wildlife Trust with so much love to give"
"Love this little guy!"
"Two baby elephants in Namibia playing"
"Baby elephant stampede at Sheldrick Wildlife Trust"
"Morning stretches"
"Time to go, little one"
"Baby trying to be like mom but is not sure how this trunk thing works"
"Baby elephant saying hi"
"Just a baby elephant having fun"
"Enjoying the mud."
"Baby elephant says hello"
"New Born Babies, Eco And Mwitu (SWT)"
"Little fella says hi"
"Baby with herd curious of cameraman until big Alpha female comes to make sure all is well"
" A baby elephant practicing their charges at a group of wildlife photographers "
"A new baby was born at Howlett's on Monday!"
"Little one is full of drama."
"At the park"
"Burigi showing off her rainwater collecting skills at Kilimanjaro Animal C.R.E.W."
Bubbles
"Bath time"
"New baby at Sheldrick Wildlife Trust bonding with mom"
"Playing with birds"
"Let's mash our snoots"
"Baby elephant parkour."
"From :'( to :')"
So.....tired.
"Imma take a bath now "
"Absolute love at feeding time."
"A big help"
"“Whoops, wasn’t me!”"
"Baby elephant just discovered their trunk"
Kiss
"I know Kung Fu"
"Hi there human"
"Little lazy guy finally summons the strength to get up."
"Who would guess that a big mud puddle could be so much fun?!"
"Three friends"
"Baby elephant and its mom at Kruger National Park"
"Time for a bath"
"Fun in the water"
"Little elephant with its family"
"Best friends"
"Milk time at Reteti Elephant Sanctuary"
"Baby elephants coming home to bed after their evening bottle of milk"
"Baby ellie ready to explore the world"
"She wants treats"
"The kids are having too much fun"
"Come on Mom!"
"Plaisak and Bully fooling around"
"He's Got The Moves."
"Mom tries to break up the rowdy kids"
"More please!"
"Little one excited for bathtime (at the Vienna Zoo)"
"Baby Elephant charges Crocodiles with some back up from the herd"
"Mud bath practice."
"Elephants galore in Kenya"
"Elephants help calf that can't get up the ridge"
"I'm here to save you!"
"Musiara @ Sheldrick Wildlife Trust"
"This is the kind of football I could watch all day."
"""Look, I'm just trying to get a snack, ok?"""
"Here they come"
"Little one attempting to slide down a hill"
"Got to be speedy"
"Dinner TIME!!!"
"What did you just say to me?"
"The face plant at the end..."
"Baby elies have tiny tongues!"
"Tiny baby ellie"
"Two month old learning to investigate with its trunk"
"Playtime for these two siblings"
"Real King of the Jungle"
"Sassy little one."
"Chasing birds"
"Curious little elephant"
"Newborn baby elephant in Botswana taking its first steps"
"Baby elephant saying hello"
"Baby elephant crossing the road with mom"
"Mind sparing me a drop?"
"Baby Elephant doing what Baby Elephants do"
" A brave baby elephant defending its herd from wildlife photographers "
"Siblings enjoying the savanna."
"The little guy thought he was drowning and swooped in to try to save the day"
"Baby elephant practicing its charging technique"
"This is how the Sheldrick elephants get their red hue."
"Popping out of the bush to check out the humans."
"Learning how to get the best food."
"Time for milk at the Reteti Elephant Sanctuary"
"Adorable new baby elephant at the Louisville Zoo"
"Low bridge under mom."
"Our zoo debuted their new elephant calf to the public today! ️️"
"Trying to look tough for Mom in front of the safari vehicle."
"Brave little orphan bull elephant goes to meet the other bulls at The Sheldrick Wildlife Trust's reintegration unit."
"Plaisak playing around"
"Play with me, damn it!"
"Meet Dorothy Lewaktuk from Reteti Elephant Sanctuary, a conservation hero who has dedicated her life to saving baby elephants"
"It was Zuli's first birthday, but Kaia seemed to enjoy the gift more."
"Kaia is an extremely photogenic elephant."
"Montage of surrogates at The Sheldrick Wildlife Trust"
"Tasting the truck."
"Playing in the dirt."
"Newborn baby elephant"
"When the warthogs come to play at the mud hole..."
"Closeup interview with Dololo at the SWT."
"Larro, Kiasa, and Maisha out foraging at Sheldrick Wildlife Trust."
"Burigi loves his water time at Kilimanjaro Animal C.R.E.W"
"Little baby elephant playing in the mud"
"Baby elephants taking a bath"
"The young ones at The Sheldrick Wildlife Trust out foraging."
"Chester zoo, UK. Baby's having a swim in the pool on a rainy day."
"Brand new baby learning to nurse."
"Typical kids."
"Baby elephant playing with a brush"
"Baby elephant trying to get out of pool"
"Little baby elephant being so adorable"
"Baby elephant throwing a tantrum"
"Baby elephant bath time"
"Two baby elephants that had fallen into a pit are rescued in Sri Lanka"
"Newborn baby elephant takes first steps"
"Go on, run back to your mom."
"Little Musiara just wants to go out and play for the day...@DSWT"
"A walk through the forest"
"The least posted elephants here...a mother forest elephant and her baby."
"The road’s a bit too slippery"
"A little one with a dirt mohawk."
"Baby elephant born at Austria zoo"
"Mother elephant stops curious baby from wandering too close to hoomanz"
"Baby elephant blowing bubbles"
"Baby elephant looking for milk"
"Baby elephant at Austria zoo"
"He's very scary."
"Back from when Ajabu was a baby...."
"""Hey! You with the camera...stop looking at my mom!"""
"Mwashoti can drink by himself. @DSWT"
"Elephant breaks sprinkler and turns it into a fountain"
"Little one with a mild case of the zoomies."
"Playing in the sand while mom demonstrates the proper way to fling it."
"Baby elephant and its mom in the Namib Desert"
"""Are we clean yet mom?!"""
"Not afraid of the safari vehicle!"
"Duncan, when he was a baby at the Houston Zoo."
"Mopane is now 20 months old and too heavy for the Hoedspruit Endangered Species Centre to weigh. He is healthy and thriving. This bodes well for his eventual return to the wild."
"Chasing the birds."
"Keeper at the Sheldrick Trust teaching a baby elephant to identify the best greens in the forest"
"Keep the trees away from the little one!"
"Just enjoying a lovely day"
"Baby elephant having a pool party for one at SDZ Safari Park"
"Baby elephant in the mud at Patara Elephant Farm"
"Baby elephant doing it’s best to stand up"
"A mischievous baby elephant"
"Refueling an elephant"
"Baby elephant really trusts her caretaker"
"Happy the Elephant Calf, Doing the Helicopter"
"""Get back, bird! Get back!"""
"Baby at the Sheldrick Wildlife Trust really likes her food"
"Parents watch as baby elephants muck around at Rwanda national park...."
"Happily running over"
"Baby elephant delighted by its trunk"
"One little elephant overcame all of the odds and is giving hope to her species! Indali beat EEHV!!!"
"Rescued baby elephant is cared for by a team of heroes because he was found very weak laying in a water hole."
"Mom! Wait for me!"
"Baby elephant Ajay's debut at Rosamond Gifford Zoo in Syracuse"
"Food and hugs"
"Baby elephants drink by bringing their face down to the water. It can take them a year to master the use of their trunk. Watch the tail at the end!"
"Trunk lessons"
"I'd rather spend a Monday rounding up baby elephants"
"Little elephant is watching mom besides him and trying to mimic her trunk movements."
"Some footage after Kiombo's rescue at the David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust"
"Proud baby elephant runs to be mama's lookout"
"I feel lots of happiness watching a baby elephant running"
"200 lbs of ""I don't want to get up"" and 12,000 lbs of patience."
"Little elephant isn’t sure about crossing the road."
"Ella loves to pet the zebras"
"Baby elephant is amused by the soft dirt after the rain"
"Baby elephant has figured out how to scrub her body with the rock"
"""I'm coming Mom!"""
"Baby elephant says hello before heading off with its family"
"Baby elephants have a fun time at the mud hole"
"Little guy carrying more than he can handle [Greater Kruger National Park]"
"Love conquers all"
"Sweet baby elephant with its family"
"Little guy chases off those nasty zebras."
"Splashing in a puddle @ San Diego Zoo Safari Park."
"Adorable little lady elephant playing with rocks in Kruger National Park."
"All children need a little help from family."
"Curiosity wins out over Mom's guidance."
"When elephants charge lions, even the babies get involved."
"Savannah gets help with her dust bathe at Kilimanjaro Animal Crew Rescue"
"Baby born at the Dublin Zoo!"
"It’s a stampede!"
"Wild herd (including babies come to drink from the pool at Somalisa Tent Camp in Hwange NP, Zimbabwe."
"He does not like this foliage."
"Headbutting and bonding."
"Not quite strong enough to rip this vine."
"Baby elephant blowing bubbles in water "
"Stopping traffic to let the little one get across"
"Baby elephants are cute in general, but could be a jerk in times."
"Elephants wrestling looks like pure fun"
"Siblings being siblings."
"DSWT does it again...2 year old elephant calf Kiombo was rescued and introduced to the herd."
"Baby tries out new legs in the mud"
"Trunk pets"
"Come on, don't put your head underwater, you'll drown!"
"A little bath"
"Just a couple of little ones playing at the San Diego Zoo Safari Park."
"New to this trunk thing...but he loves the mud."
"A couple of wild boys having a drink at the water's edge."
"I'm acting tough for the tourists, Mom!"
"Play play play. Drink. Play. Drink. Play play play."
"Forest elephant playing with a stick."
Splash
"I posted a gif of this orphan from Hoedspruit before. Raekie has passed on. Rest in Peace, little one."
"Typical toddler attention span difficulties."
"Wild group playing in Kenya."
"How about we stay away from the humans, Junior?"
"Baby elephant learning to drink using its trunk."
"Little Dude Showing Off His Soccer Skills!"
"Savannah, a rescued orphan, and her new striped friend Lerangwa, also a rescued young one."
"What baby elephant? Oh. The tiny one."
"Come on......Come on lets playyyy!"
"All of them saved."
"Precious moment."
"Herd gathers to welcome a new baby"
"Watch me do a headstand!"
"Still learning to use that trunk."
"Baby elephant"
"Got a little too far from mom."
"Half-hearted tough guy act."
"Little elephant obviously doesn't like trash."
"Learning to drink."
"So brave...what...nevermind."
"Just out here in the road, protecting mom from those stupid safari trucks."
"The perfect rock."
"A tender moment at dusk with some baby indian elephants."
"Extremely rare pink elephant (albino) spotted at MalaMala Game Reserve."
"Reunited, with a little help from some guys and a heli."
"Race ya to to the water!"
"Don't mess with Mom."
"2 of the rescues from Kilimanjaro Animal C.R.E.W."
"Goofy kid playing in the water."
"Elephants putting sunscreen on in layers."
"Roadside checkpoint."
"Curly trunk"
"The DSWT does it again...another Elephant rescued. ""Larro"""
"The wrestling match. Final Round."
"The wrestling match. Round 2."
"Baby elephant wrestling match. Round 1."
"Alright, junior, thats enough."
"Better protection instincts than some human parents."
"Trunk calisthenics."
"Little guys realize their moms are a little farther away than they thought..."
"Time for milk at David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust"
"Little one picking through the brush @ Namunyak Wildlife Sanctuary in northern Kenya."
"Life at Reteti Elephant Sanctuary"
"A happy morning at Elephant Freedom Project."
"Wake up time at Kruger National Park."
"Mopane and Raekie enjoying the green foliage of summer @ Hoedspruit Endangered Species Centre."
"Not today, guys."
"Party at the river!"
"Mom to the rescue!"
"""Hello there!"""
"There's always one goofball in every group."
"Seeing a friend at the mud hole"
"Cutest thing ever!"
"Talented young lady"
"When you can't climb over it, bite it."
"Morning bath time."
Fences....psh.
"SLOW DOWN....my family is trying to cross here."
"Baby elephant at San Diego Zoo Safari Park mastering trunk skills"
"Baby elephants at San Diego Zoo Safari Park have some fun on a rainy day"
"Sweet baby elephant snoring "
"Wildlife officers rescuing a teenager from a well."
"He's big, he's frightening, he's...backing away and taking a nap."
"Helping baby to cross the mighty Ramganga River"
"A brave, feisty little one."
"Little guy struggling in the snow in Copenhagen"
"A monk feeding a dork with a mohawk."
"Learning to trunk it up."
"Little dork gets in trouble and sucks his trunk."
"Little dork isn't a fan of selfies."
"Little Rebel"
"There was an attempt"
"STRANGER DANGER!"
"The only thing cuter than a baby elephant running is a baby elephant running and falling down"
"Baby elephant brawl"
"Mud bath time"
"Feisty baby elephant"
"Learning to share"
"The moment the keepers walk away....."
"Little one loves playing in the mud."
"""You need a bath!"""
"Beautiful wild Rwandan elephants."
"Baby elephant falling"
"Follow the leader!"
"Some little dorks cooling off in muddy water."
"Beach Tome!"
"David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust unveils new logo and announces name change to the “Sheldrick Wildlife Trust.” This new name honors the recently deceased founder, Daphne Sheldrick, who originally named the organization for her husband David."
"Trunk Scritches = Instant Heaven"
"""Hey, stop looking at my mom!"""
"A healthy elephant herd at Amboseli National Park, Kenya."
"So CUTE!"
"A couple of little dorks playing soccer."
"Soccer skills"
"Baby elephant's first week"
"This is elephant for ""I love you!"""
"Teeny tiny baby elephant. -Bonus Baby Elephant-"
"People ask why the David Sheldrick elephants are red...look at the ground."
"Hey bud, are you busy?"
"""Play me a song, sir!"""
"Orphan baby elephants at The David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust enjoy a day at the mud hole"
"The elephant cam at the San Diego Zoo Safari Park is absolutely adorable"
"""Come on friend, let's play"""
"Close encounter with a large female and 2 young ones."
"""I can be a lap puppy!"""
"Whats up dog?"
"They protect their young like the Secret Service protects the President."
"A few cute moments with the babies at the San Diego Zoo."
"Little one loves the water, but really loves this rock"
"""Mom, look! I have a trunk!"""
"""This is a car, these can hurt you...let's go."""
"Baby elephant just wants to play with its friend"
"“I think this bath tub is a little small for me!” "
"Little guy wanders off from mom to pose for the camera"
"Brand new baby elephant being welcomed by the herd."
"An elephant stopping traffic to let the little one cross."
"Little elephant enjoying some muddy water, then getting sidetracked by passing birds."
"Sometimes you just have to let the little one lead the herd."
"Lily passed on 11-30-2018. This is my favorite gif I have of her."
"Various mud slide strategies"
"Baby Ella!"
"The orphaned elephant Mukokka meets his new family at The David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust."
"Mopane gets a personal escort (with an umbrella) on sunny days."
"Protective mother doesn't want her baby to fall in the watering hole."
"2 little ones having a great time in the mud."
"Learning to drink with mom."
"Curiousity get snuffed out when Mom calls this little one back to her."
"No warthogs allowed!"
"Ok, stop before you fall in, please."
"Hello, I'm here from the fresh produce inspection agency..."
"Stop looking at my Mom!"
"Leave me alone while I play with this bush!"
"Fun in the tub"
"Oh Hai!"
"Just a cute baby sprint"
"Lots of fun with leftover Halloween pumpkins"
"Baby elephant Mopane enjoying a mud bath on a hot afternoon."
"Little one perfectling the art of drinking at the water hole."
"Baby elephants having fun in the mud"
"Baby elephants wrestling"
"Baby elephant loves the water"
"So tiny. 18 hour old bull elephant."
"Little dork playing in the dirt with mom"
"Reteti sanctuary Keeper Matiba gives Lemorijo his afternoon bottle."
"Nothing wrong with a little roughhousing."
"Cmon man, lets go playyyyy!"
"Baby elephant trying to chase people away"
"Adorable little baby elephant"
"Ready for his closeup!"
"Asking you to boop its snoot"
"Orphaned elephant Mopane, out for his daily walk, with his caretaker, Joshua."
"Baby elephant guides a turtle off the rod so it doesn’t get squished."
"Tough guy"
"Just wants to cuddle."
"Baby elephant Mkhaya frolics at San Diego Zoo Safari Park."
"""Not quite sure about this mud bath, Mom."""
"This little one has a very large set of protectors."
"Mom helps her calf cross the river Khwai. (It made me whistle.)"
"Cuddle time"
"Water hole struggle bus."
"Close up of the baby ellie at Howletts with his firehose cube."
"Little dork doesn't like being filmed."
"Baby elephant trumpets, causing his older sibling to come running to see whats going on."
"Baby is unsure on his feet and steps on trunk"
"Fun in the mud."
"A baby elephant goes all in on a giant pumpkin."
"""Oh you want good baby elephant footage? I'll just play in this mudhole."""
"Little one learning how to pull grass by watching mom."
"Loving a shower"
"A couple of young ruffians engaging in fisticuffs."
"Screw your selfie"
"Baby elephant enjoying playtime"
"One of the newest in San Diego getting trunk practice with a stick"
"PSA: Donations to the David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust are currently being matched up to $250K."
"Surprise! 281lb female baby elephant is born at the San Diego Zoo!"
"Little dork loves the water cannon."
"This baby elephant was found wandering alone and lost from its herd. Wildlife officers immediately brought this baby to one of their bases as a way to keep it safe."
"Teenager having a lazy morning in Sapana Village."
"A loving mother. You’re not usually this quiet, are you ok?"
"Mom and baby climbing out of the mud bath."
"Little Merru's first day with the elephants of the DSWT."
"Wildlife officers enjoying some downtime with one of their charges."
"The personality is strong with this one."
"A tiny African Elephant was born at Howletts!"
"Bath time can also be quality time."
"Little one gets knocked into a freshwater pool, the herd springs into action."
"A mild case of the zoomies and showing a bush who's the boss."
"Baby Asian elephant Elizabeth is treated to a set of new footballs to celebrate her first birthday."
"Baby elephant loves to play slip and slide"
"I'm pretty sure this guy has 100% job satisfaction."
"Mali and the other elephants of the Melbourne Zoo were very excited to have some musical enrichment for World Elephant Day."
"Standing up for the very first time."
"Flawless execution"
"Post what makes you happy in this sub."
"My dad"
"Happy day everyone: this mornings’ sunrise southern New Mexico,US"
"This Theme from Pokemon Ruby/Sapphire/Emerald <3"
"My friend Mia made these for me and it made me so happy because no one really does this kind of stuff for me. She also always supports me for being nb and it means a whole lot to me :)"
"Hope everyone has a great summer, this picture taken in Sunday in the desert southwest US"
"friend appreciation"
"New Mexico sunset last night"
"Enjoy a picture of the new family portrait-the propagation plants a friend dropped off yesterday! Hope everyone has a great day!"
"Thank God for auto save"
"I love you, my dearest friends."
"Life Of A Garbage Man"
"The snow on my patio was pretty this morning!"
"New Mexico"
Microwaves
"Mr bean"
"Thanks Reddit"
"My friend chooses to play with me 5 days a week"
"Hey, I thought this was helpful. I believe this is good information to help you appreciate life, you and where we are, a lot more."
"The moment that changed my life forever and crossed off a huge bucket list entry for me. Emerald bay, Lake Tahoe. A big moment for this little Brit!"
"Colorblind man receives a special birthday gift"
"Me and a friend went on a hike"
"My girlfriend"
️
Facts
"Charlevoix lake being perfectly clear"
"This little fuzz ball"
"I thought this looked pretty cool"
"I've been evacuated for 13 days. Tonight everyone else from the same small town, who are staying in the same hotel, decided to get together and play their own version of live music. The evening lights added onto the ambiance."
"I saw a post on r/music and I want to say it here. You are never too old to learn something new. Do not put yourself down, clean up the additude and put your time into what you want to do."
Bru
Bru
Bru
Bru
Bru
Bru
"Friday,July 3rd,Utah"
"Beach sunset"
"Blue Dragon river in Portugal"
"My Mom"
"Can’t thank this man on the right enough he’s always been by my side since the day I met him and bought me food whenever I didn’t have the money"
Perspective
"Appreciation for my friends"
" El Drago Milenario (the Thousand-Year-Old Dragon) of Tenerife, Spain "
Gorgeous
"I've been listening to don't stop me now by Queen a lot. It makes me happy."
"Let’s just appreciate my friend Smity Man"
" Pikes peak proposal "
"This is soo cute"
"We have 5 more days so appreciate it"
"Nice view I’d like to share with you all!"
"I love coming home after work to be greeted by my furry friend :)"
"Its the little things"
"Recently got into hiking and finding lots to appreciate, like this little guy!"
"Furry friends"
"I left the chaos behind for a little while."
"A Bonsai pic of mine from a while ago. Took it at a monument in Vietnam back when we could still travel.. :/"
"Saying goodnight to my girls."
"Go with the flow"
"Relaxed ️"
"The boy just wants pets"
"Beautiful :)"
"I appreciate my fur babies more than anything!"
"As a stranger thing fan, the person who made these made me very happy."
Beautiful
"My dog enjoying a boat ride"
"A sunset from earlier today."
"My cats take care of me and I love them for it"
:)
"No title needed"
"Meteor Shower"
"Another beautiful day"
"Something that I appreciate"
"Such a beautiful day God has given me. These photos make me so happy"
"I just want to say that God is good, and let’s all appreciate nature a little bit everyday. Have a good day today️"
"Just found this sub and I thought I should share what makes me happy. I took this photo last week and it reminds me that if you pay attention, really pay attention, you will discover everything is connected."
"The inner texture of brown beans"
"this subreddit makes me very happy because it exists at the same time as me"
"Today I found out that animal mukbang/ASMR videos exist. Seeing these beautiful animals being well fed makes me so happy."
"Appreciating feeling good about this art I made (ft my cat's butt, which I also appreciate)"
"Cute Doggo"
"Dont know if this counts."
"I ate pizza after 3 days of no eating at all"
"I appreciate a sleepy kitten"
"Trees. Grass. Summer. "
"During Corona Lockdown, I appreciate the absolutely lovely and clean atmosphere we have in kolkata. You can even say every cloud has a silver lining"
"Enjoying life while attending Govball 2019 NYC. - Shot by Me"
"This is my kitten"
"Creating an ecosystem"
"Appreciating hardy lifeforms"
"how nature is both tiny and huge"
"Just the way it is."
"i appreciate my little angel, baby"
"Feeling Better After Stopping Antidepressants"
"Do any antidepressants help stabilize mood more than others?"
"Does Zoloft stunt height growth?"
"Ssris gave me permanent damage"
"Wellbutrin add-on"
"Celexa to lexapro, dizziness for month"
Zoloft/sertraline
Paroxertine
"5 good things and 5 bad things antidepressants have helped you. (SSRI, SNRI)"
"Savella for depression?"
"Does Wellbutrin decrease Serotonin?"
"Starting Again"
"Came off sertraline recently, am I gunna feel any better?"
"First time on antidepressants"
"Looking for a second opinion in San Diego"
"Just started Sertraline"
"Taking antidepressants years after trying to overdose."
"Has anyone here tried Moclobemide?"
"Are their accurate tests to determine which category of antidepressants I should be taking?"
"Escitalopram 10mg withdrawals or even while taking it, that’s how it started like 2-3 weeks after starting it."
"Just got prescribed Lexapro (10 mg), Bupropion XL (150 mg), and Trazadone (50 mg), does anyone have experience with this exact combo + experiences?"
"Can I get back on sertraline?"
"Can I get back on sertraline?"
"Length of time"
"Switching from Prozac to Wellbutrin?"
"How long withdrawals last?"
"Sertraline and sex"
"Waiting for Prozac to work again. Panic disorder"
"Cymbalta opinions/experience/reviews"
"California rocket fuel personality changes."
"MDD and nerve pain"
"I didn’t take my antidepressant for almost a week…. Finally got back home, took it but I feel so tired"
"Love Wellbutrin or bupropion but have awful joint pain and I'm 27 what's a good alternative?"
"Does anyone have experience with combining Wellbutrin with Lexapro or Zoloft?"
"Cold medicine and sertraline"
Dosages
"Change in manufacturers? Paroxetine"
"Treatment resistant"
"What should I do now"
"Sertaline brand switch - is it in my head that I feel weird?"
Viibryd
"Switching antidepressants- what to try next?"
"SSRIs not working"
"Going off"
"Is it possible that antidepressants made me depressed ?"
"Being tapered off sertraline but feel so angry"
"Would going from 22.5 of mirtazapine to 30 improve sleep further, or the opposite?"
"Numb before better?"
"Is it possible to do bodybuilding while on Antidepressants?"
"is drinking alcohol safe?"
"Question about Prozac."
"Long term use"
"Tapering off of Viibryd"
"Keep gaining weight on mirtazapine without eating?!"
"Is anyone on Effexor, Welbutrin and Valium?"
"Can I take antidepressants without going to sleep?"
"Antidepressants and heavy drinking long term?"
"How much time gap should I leave when taking Zoloft(Sertraline) and Klonopin(Clonazepam) together? Thanks !"
Lexapro/antidepressants
"Is clomipramine Good for depression?"
"Advice for low libido and no energy/brain fog?"
"Euphoria during antidepressant/sleeping pill withdrawals"
"I feel doctors should be required to tell patients before prescribing antidepressants and a lot of drugs that the drug is bad for them."
"Is there a possibility of returning to the state of that ""person"" we knew before starting antidepressant therapy, or, by quitting the therapy, we might just be worse off than before?"
"can you get withdrawal symptoms if you just took luvox for 10 days?"
Mirtazapine??
"Has anyone tried lowering their Lexapro dose? And did you see any benefit in side effects?"
"Antidepressant switch"
"Hey guys i really need help about this and i hope anyone can relate"
"What SSRI is the *least* likely to cause sexual dysfunction?"
"Weight gain on Mirtazapine"
"zoloft 25mg success?"
"Venlafaxine vs Duloxetine withdrawal"
"A friend going through some stuff"
"Bupropion and other stimulants make me depressed. Anyone know a possible reason why?"
"Is Effexor as effective as SSRI’s for severe anxiety?"
"Will trazodone work for depression and anxiety if others haven't?"
"What medication might actually work for me?"
"Positive effects after drinking?"
"Wanna know what AD’s really do? Wanna know how they really work? Continue reading my response down below!"
"Experiences and recommendations?"
"Help! I've double dosed on my antidepressant!"
"I’m stuck on med choices for anxiety and I need help!"
"Paroxetine loss of strength and fatigue"
"Worth it?"
"need hope for zoloft"
"It seems that Mirtazapine made me have urgent to pee and loss of sensitivity in the genital area even after quitting it"
"Update: prescribed Zoloft. Experiences?"
"Remeron withdrawal"
"Sulpiride/lexapro and pfizer vaccine?"
"Sexual Dysfunction And Other Worries."
"Any suggestions?"
"All the SSRIs were in the yellow column of my genesight tests"
"Forgot to take my medication for 5 days…. I need advice"
"When to quit Wellbutrin? (In addition to Sertraline)"
"Lexpro vs pristiq (serrotonin uptake inhibitor strength)"
Escitalopram
"One week on increased pristiq"
"Just started effexor but I'm feeling literally no changes"
"Antidepressant withdraw experiences"
"Has anybody else picked up unhealthy habits/hobbies after taking SRRI's?"
Paroxetine?
"Fluoxetine and cold medicine"
"Side effects from switching from sertraline to mirtazapine?"
"Prozac 10mg and 20mg"
"Sertraline + Foods"
"I NEED to know if anyone else has gone through this"
"Any of you get headaches from Citalopram/Celexa?"
"Changing from fluoxetine to citalopram"
"Is there any SSRI which doesn't make you sleepy ?"
"Panic attack on weaning - 20mg to 10mg"
"How long to feel the effects of a dose increase?"
"Are antidepressants worth it ?"
"SSRI, Zoloft"
"Will my antidepressants start working?"
"Escitalopram Oxalate (10 Mg) causing heavy heartbeats since the 3rd day"
"Sertraline - My experience"
"How to get over the fear of cardiac effects with SSRIs ? Trigger warning"
Anyone?
"Has anyone taken zoloft without help of a psychiatrist?"
"Wellbutrin XL on an empty stomach?"
"Talk to me please"
"escitalopram (lexapro)"
"Sertraline and smoking"
"Mirtazapine - hallucinations?"
"When they say antidepressants take 2 weeks to start working, is that from the starting dose or the therapeutic dose?"
"4th drug : Prozac. Will it work ?"
"Why trazodone sometimes don’t work?"
"Increased Dosage"
"Zoloft -> Pristiq ...?!"
"Figuring out what ADs might work for you"
"Suggestions on tampering off Paxil?"
"Still adjusting"
"Advice needed"
"Prozac Questions"
"taking mirtazapine but still nervous"
"Anyone tried adding Zoloft when already on mirtazapine"
"Will u still gain weight on clomipramine if you stick to a low calorie diet and control your appetite?"
"Switching between Zoloft and Celexa (or Lexapro)"
"people who have given up with ssris/snri what did you try next ?"
"Is this normal?"
"what other things does clomipramine help with apart from serotonin"
"How can I get another prescription of Lexapro?"
"Lexapro + Wellbutrin"
"I need medicine but can't get it"
"Do you think cosmetic psychopharmacology is an appropriate use of antidepressants?"
"Did antidepressants make you stop/reduce worrying/overthinking/ruminating?"
"safest and least side effects from ssri for person anxious about their illness."
"What did antidepressants for u?"
"Which of my medications could be making me fatigued?"
"Any success stories with Viibryd for treatment resistant depression? Am I stupid for trying it if Trintellix didn’t work?"
"Anxiety meds success stories?"
"Lingering nausea and acid reflux"
"Cymbalta withdrawal, when to worry?"
"How much trouble am I in when I show this to my PsyD?"
"Constantly needing to pee on Zoloft after proscription of higher dose."
"do you feel not yourself like you’re unable to be funny or smart or converse normally?????"
"Considering switching antidepressant"
"Taking Lexapro to help me stop ruminating/obsessing/overthinking all my past mistakes."
"Pristiq from 50mg to 100mg"
"Meds stopped working?"
"At what length of time on your antidepressant did you start noticing improvements?"
"Citalopram (Celexa) for OCD & anxiety/panic"
"Wellbutrin , more depressed??"
"Prozac/Zoloft for OCD/Panic"
"increasing Wellbutrin from 150mg to 300mg and feel extremely suicidal, is this normal?"
"PSSD and Other Worries"
"Prozac for Panic/OCD"
"Which of these two antidepressants helped you with depression more? Lexapro (Escitalopram) or Zoloft (Sertraline)?"
"Sertraline at 8 weeks"
"Antidepressants and … other stuff T/W OD"
"Paxil CR, shakiness and dizziness"
"Female advice needed plz"
"Anyone here successfully get off all meds?"
"Tapering off Lexapro and having ear clogginess and some intermittent pulsating/ringing?"
"How did you know that your medication was working for you?"
"How much are antidepressants supposed to work"
"Switching from Celexa to Wellbutrin"
"Any SNRIs that don’t cause constipation?"
"Depressed for 8 months, 3 drugs and hopeless... :/"
"My second antidepressant. What to do?"
"How can clomipramine increase weight?"
"Remeron (Mirtazapine) or SSRIs?"
"Mirtazapine joint pain?"
"Brain zaps while on paroxetine/paxil?"
"Taking a bit of Effexor in the evening"
"Wellbutrin and heart side effects"
"Antidepressants are beautiful"
"Anyone here successfully gotten off all meds?"
"Taking the plunge, want to know if it’s justified."
"Severe dizziness in withdrawal, what can I do to help my through it?"
"Mirtazpine/sertraline? Pls help"
"The Sad Truth About Serotonin | SSRIs, LSD & Depression"
"Agomelatine / Valdoxan"
"Just started halving my Fluvoxamine to taper off for good"
"Can I cold turkey Mirtazapine 15mg after 7 weeks and go straight to amitriptyline?"
"Venlafaxine and marijuana"
"Anyone else not realize how depressed they were till they started taking antidepressants?"
"suicidal ideation when weaning off sertraline?"
"Starting Antidepressants Again-- Question about 'Suicide Ideation'/Death Rumination"
"Do antidepressants help brain fog?"
"What antidepressants was the best for your anxiety?"
"How long does venlafaxine 75mg XR stays in the body"
"Slowed metabolism bc of Paxil"
"Cutting backt to 10mg"
"Is there a lactose free version of paxil?"
"Make sure you have a proper diagnosis"
"Sertraline mixed with CBG oil and Vitamin B3 (Niacinamide)"
"Bruising caused by antidepressant?"
"Sertraline or Wellbutrin LX and weight gain question"
"How do you know you should go on them?"
"psuedo cushing's from SSRI withdrawal"
"Sertraline/Itching Side Effect"
"What are your experiences with Citalopram or Fluoxetine with CPTSD symptoms?"
"Relationship issues after girlfriend going cold turkey"
"Getting antidepressants soon"
"How Sertraline changed my life"
"Bupropion + alcohol: be careful!"
"Anxiety: The Loudest Voice in the Room"
"Cold feelings on chest? While and after taking Escitalopram 10mg for 24 days.. side effects out weighted the benefits."
"First time taking Sertraline"
"Feeling Spaced out ! Need your advice (Trintellix)"
"Sertraline and alcohol"
"Best Antidepressant for treatment resistant depression"
"Do antidepressants prevent you from experiencing deep sorrow or deep joy? Basically emotions in extreme ?"
"How to deal with side effects??"
"Zoloft 100 mg"
"Just trying to find the best for me."
"Cymbalta withdrawal side effects HELP"
"I’m so constipated. Anyone else have this problem?"
"Citalopram Withdrawal Symptoms (help)"
"Fluoxetin Day 4"
"Hello everyone"
"One more question can I confidentially get prescribed ad’s"
"Help with stopping"
"Obtaining Parnate in the uk"
"Zoloft dosing for panic?"
"Any advice would be extremely appreciated. Feeling very hopeless at the moment. Thank you."
"I (M30) broke up with GF (F29) who took Cymbalta"
"Paxil has changed my life!!"
"Did antidepressants make you slower or off center for months/years?"
"Looking to change AD"
"I feel so happy"
"St. John’s wort"
"Reviews about Pristiq?"
"If it possible for sex to improve after getting off antidepressants"
"Feeling a bit numb/boring on sertraline"
"Trazodone. How does it feel to take It?"
"can i take l-theanine with mirtazapine?"
"Being Prescribed Prozac at 18 and my experience with it"
"Anxiety or side effects"
"excessive sweating"
"Accidentally took my medicine after doing shrooms"
"For anyone who also seeks help with binge eating disorder: did any anti-depressants work for you?"
"Sudden Venlafaxine Stop"
"Mood swings?"
"Posted this over on r/depressionregimens and I think it might be helpful for people here too!"
Anafranil
"Advice on missed doses"
"Seeking advice: Stuck in lockdown with no pharmacy nearby"
"What do I take for severe depression and suicidalness From losing my brother and in general? Never tried antidepressants or meds."
"Effexor and Panic attacks"
"Pristiq and gore/blood?"
"How long did it take for your antidepressant to start working ?"
"Want to stop Efexor after 3 days"
"Mirtazapine and Wellbutrin combo?"
"help/advice!!!!!! what medication should I transition to after being on lexapro for years"
"I'm afraid of mood swings at the start of the treatment with Lexapro"
"When do the feelings come back?"
"Please I need your advice"
"Advice please?"
"i forgot to take my antidepression medication"
"How do you know when it’s working?"
"Thinking of making the switch"
"Brain shakes at night / feel like I’m shaking"
"Tapering off Paxil"
"please tell me about your luvox experiences"
"Effexor hurting my relationship?"
"Effexor and Buspar Combination? Did anyone try this?"
"Zoloft interactions"
"Weight gain"
"Does Effexor (Venlafaxine) make emotional blunting and anhedonia worse?"
"Can antidepressants fix/reverse telogen effluvium hairloss?"
"Stacking Wellbutrin and Prozac"
"Citalopram useless against OCD???"
"Spacing out on Wellbutrin"
zoloft
"Caffeine and citropram"
"Major rage attacks after weening of Zoloft"
"Think I need to go back on them but pros and cons on both ends have me confused"
"Which is more likely to cause weight gain?"
"Cross-Tapering Venlafaxine and Citalopram"
"Adding Buspar to an SSRI to help with the sexual side effect?"
"What would you suggest to be the next option?"
"Started duloxetine today, wish me luck (:"
"Antidepressants with no sexual side effects or weight gain?"
"Never used any antidepressants"
"Sexual Side Effects After Stopping Citalopram?"
"what to do if you build a tolerance?"
"Why would SSRI drugs or “serotonin boosting” supplements like 5-HTP cause suicidal thoughts/opposite reactions/severe anxiety in some patients?"
"How long to feel the effects of an increase in dose?"
"weight gain on sertraline?"
"Prozac treatment for anx/dep & substance use"
"Fluoxetine (Prozac) has left me with some weird side effects, would really appreciate some input"
"Switching from Trintellix 10mg to Wellbutrin 150mg XL"
"3 months into my taper off paxil"
"Stopped setraline after just 3 tablets, need advice"
"If you get side effects with one SSRI, will you get the same in another?"
"Success-story on Sertralin / Zoloft"
"Ask about drug interaction (mirtazapine/mdma)"
"flu like symptoms help?"
"Will I get still get side effects when increasing Zoloft from 50mg to 100mg?"
"I’m gaining weight even though I barely eat from Zoloft"
Help
"Weening off - need advice"
"My doctor is putting me on low dose of Prozac + Paxil"
"Scared about side effects"
"I lost my bottle of Prozac"
"What is happening with me? Which medication could help me?"
zoloft
"I've successfully lost 9 pounds while on the get fat drug mirtazapine."
"Furst day on Venlafaxine"
"Mood vs personality — a dilemma"
"How long do side effects last?"
"Probiotics on Nortriptyline"
"Withdrawal symptoms checklist"
"What side effects did you have from getting off antidepressants?"
"Any input would be appreciated"
"Wellbutrin + Agitation?"
"Pristiq vs Effexor?"
"How to jizz on lexapro"
"Weight Gain/Loss stories? Specifically Paxil?"
"Memory loss on Venlafaxine"
"Celexa works great for my anxiety, does nothing for my depression. Help!"
"5mg escitalopram"
"Can Remeron cause hair loss?"
"Which med works or worked best for you?"
"Insatiable hunger"
"Missed trazodone dose side effects"
"Sertraline- serotonin syndrome help"
"Messy switchover-how to cope?"
sertraline
"Is Effexor really as bad as everyone says?"
"Accidentally crushed fluoxetine pill in mouth while swallowing - very worried "
"Will I get any withdraw Symptoms if I Quit Antidepressants after 5 days of use ?"
"cold turkey"
"15M on paroxetine. Will my dick still work?"
"Cymbalta helps tremendously but the sexual side effects are severe. Male 28"
"Would it be ok to take an extra dose of Sertraline after having not taken them for 3 days?"
"How do you know you should go on anti-depressants ?"
"Can you get Serotonin Syndrome from taking a regular dose of SSRI's?"
"Can ssris make me a psychopath?"
"Mirtazapine no longer helps my appetite after a year, any suggestions?"
"Tapering help clomipramine"
"Zoloft Success Story"
"Anti-Depressants as a Preventative Measure?"
"Advice tapering Lexapro?"
"A week into Lexapro"
"Drinking & prozac"
"Kinda new to all this"
"Paxil hard to concentrate"
"Mirtazapine for Clomipramine-induced sexual dysfunction?"
"Wellbutrin hair loss"
"Traveling 8+ time zones from where I live. Help?"
"Quitting Paxil cold turkey"
"Celexa vs zoloft"
"I quit AD 2 months ago, still loss of libido and morning wood..."
"Lexapro week 11 on 15mg"
"Bupropion causing eye problems."
Cymbalta?
"Zoloft (sertraline), should symptoms have stopped by now?"
"Weaning off Zoloft, should I feel this awful?"
"Has anyone else experienced really low energy when lowering dosage/switching antidepresent?"
"Quitting Wellbutrin after 1 week? - Ear Pressure & Pain"
"Really angry at being drugged so young"
"Is it safe to do this?"
"Is there anyway to ease the nausea?"
"Both my legs seem to be either vibrating or starting to shake, started right after upping my dose to 300 on Wellbutrin xl a couple days ago"
"Need Advice"
"Weight gain on seroxat"
"Paxil crankiness"
"What antidepressant do you take for depression and major depressive disorder?"
"Anyone else not like citalopram?"
"Participate in the clinical trial to validate our trigger identification app (Depression)"
"Zoloft and mushrooms?"
"Cold turkey not going well..."
"are antidepressants worth it ?"
"What should i do if i can’t remember if i took my dose?"
"Anxiety loosening and antidepressive drug without sexual sideeffects and harming a potential pssd"
"Please help me. I’m having a horrible horrible week."
"Sertraline and alcohol"
"What was your experience with Sertraline during the first week ?"
"Experiences with sertraline and fluoxetine (zoloft and prozac)?"
"Lerivon/Mianserin 15mg"
"how are antidepressants supposed to work?"
"Teenagers and zoloft"
"adhd symptoms worsen on zoloft?"
"Is brain-fog a system of Zoloft? Feeling almost distant from reality as if I’m just dreaming. Maybe it’s just my shit sleep-schedule or something else."
"Am I not giving it enough time?"
"DAE have irritability on luvox?"
"Feeling easily annoyed on Welbutrin?"
"Venlafaxine (effexor) and weight gain?"
"2 weeks since stopping Prestiq"
"Ssri induced apathy"
"Not taken sertraline for ~1 week. Is it bad to restart on my 200mg dose again and will it cause side effects?"
"Tapering off of Viibryd, feel like I'm in an alternate universe"
"Anyone Tried Trazodone for Depression/Anxiety?"
"Citalopram and Liver disease?"
"Anyone needed to up dosage of ADHD Medication (Ritalin, etc.) after going on antidepressants or upping antidepressants dosage"
"Antidepressantsfor anxiety that don’t cause emotional flatness/numbness/apathy"
"Does anyone else get severe agitation and restlessness from antidepressants?"
"What’s your opinion?"
"Did your physical symptoms of anxiety cease when your antidepressant started working?"
"Will antidepressants actually help?"
"SSRI vs SNRI"
"Has anyone taken antidepressants and people thought you had taken some kind of ""bad"" drug?"
"What has helped you with antidepressant-induced inhibited male orgasm?"
"Prozac USED to work great, now what?"
"Shopping around for an alternative to Prozac"
"Alternative to Wellbutrin?"
"Going off one dose of prozac before shrooms"
"can i drink at night if i took my day 3 of wellbutrin this morning?"
"Switched From Prozac"
"3 weeks more depressed, any advice ?"
"First week Anti depressant side effects, feel very bad, is this normal ?"
"What day of withdrawal was the worst for you?"
Anafranil
"What if anti depressants don’t help your anxiety?"
"Anyone on duloxtine?"
"What’s happening to me ? Took my first dose of Sertraline, only 12.5mg, have such intense energy, euphoric feelings, and ‘wiredness’ - and others"
"Will I ever not be tired on an antidepressant?"
"Is Effexor/Venlafaxine a pretty ""hardcore"" or serious drug, or is it in the safer realm?"
"Antidepressants backfiring by making video games more rewarding?"
"The mental imagery I'm using as I come off an SSRI"
"these subs are scaring me."
"First week on Sertraline"
"has anyone successfully lost weight gained from Abilify?"
"Coming off Mirtizapine"
"Paroxetine+Mirtazapine for Anxiety"
"Antidepressants and emotional numbing"
"For those who went on meds during/due to the pandemic, how does relaxing restrictions affect your need to take medication?"
"I keep forgetting to take my medication on time"
"hi reddit"
"Weight Loss and Effexor?"
"Increasing zoloft from 50mg to 100mg what to expect?"
"Is this normal for a first dose of Zoloft or does this read like hyper sensitivity to the medication? Should I persist or discontinue ?"
"Long-term side effects of antidepressant abuse?"
"Tianeptine causing brain fog / cognitive impairment"
"Wellbutrin and sleep"
"long term side effects of antidepressants vs long term side effects of depression"
"Lexapro has changed my life."
"Will lowering Lexapro dose reduce weight gain?"
"Please think and do your research before you take antidepressants"
"Getting off lexapro?"
"Help - Wellbutrin vs Heart Rate - Any Thoughts?"
"First Ever Panic Attack."
"Withdrawal and Relapse"
"Mirtazapine stopped working for sleep?"
"Forgot to take Lexapro for 5 days "
"What's next for me?"
"Brain zaps every time I look around making life miserable"
"bro...mirtazapine is something else..."
"When you go off an SSRI, does everything return to “normal” in terms of any side effects you might have experienced as well as changes it does to your body"
"Doctor told me to quit SSRIs cold turkey."
"Unsure why I feel better than usual during discontinuation symptoms?"
"I’m gonna ask my doctor to take me off Wellbutrin, what’s another med that can help increase energy?"
"Light therapy is a gamechanger"
"What do I do?"
"Viibryd and my cycle"
"Mitrazapine weight gain"
"Low dose of amitriptyline (elavil) causing edema in both ankles"
"Duloxetine prescribed as my first antidepressant - scared to take"
"Can switching to a new antidepressant help with withdrawl from a different antidepressant?"
"Mood swings after starting Mirtazapine"
"Remeron and late/missed period?"
"I don’t think Wellbutrin is working"
"Severe anxiety and no medication relief"
"Currently weaning off sertraline - is feeling blue a common side effect?"
"Been on SSRIs for 15 years, potential side effects? Could I ever come off the meds?"
"Mirtazipine as a PRN or on weekends only."
"Random two days of happiness/energy when switching meds?"
"Did anyone else feel ""floaty"" when they started taking their meds?"
"First Lexapro Dose today…need encouragement"
"Stopped taking"
Psychiatrist
"Worried about the Anticholinergic effect of TCA (clomipramine)"
"Antidepressants & exercise & supplements"
"Quitting Desvenlafaxine and am here comes the rage…"
"About mirtazapine"
"Did your doctor have to put you under a cocktail of antidepressants because somehow one wasn’t working?"
"What's the best stimulating antidepressant that doesn't destroy your appetite?"
"Are all SNRIs equally hard to come off of?"
"I accidentally came across a study that showed that antidepressants increase mortality risk by 33%"
"How long can reinstated dose take to work after severe prolonged withdrawal?"
"Escitalopram brain zaps"
"Need advice on starting medication"
"Simvastatin is an antidepressant!?!?"
"(25F) On my 5th antidepressant in 5 years: it helps but key symptoms won’t remit"
"Has anyone taken klonopin with wellbutrin?"
"Anxiety and sertraline"
"been on bupropion xl and clonazepam for 3 weeks, not feeling well"
"Binge eating after going off meds"
"SSRIs (Lexapro in my case) and dreams"
"Amoxicillin and antidepressants"
"Does Sertraline make you sweat more?"
"Fatigue after quitting an SSRI: why and how long does it last?"
"Desvenlafaxine to Mirtazipine"
"If I get back on an SSRI after a 10 week break, will I still have the same intense side effects that I had when I first got on them?"
"Are Desfax and Pristiq the same?"
"Celexa 10 MG made my anxiety worse any one else? I wanna quit"
"How long can the fluish feeling last when quitting Zoloft?"
"Wellbutrin and Tylenol 3"
"Help with SSRI withdrawal!"
"Celexa during pregnancy"
"Question about 17 year old"
"Gonna start 50mg zoloft, looking for some reassurance/ advice"
"Those who were once adamant that you would never entrust the balance and well-being of your mind state to Pharmaceutical drugs, but have since been prescribed and experienced them, what was the was the transition within yourself like and how do you feel about antidepressants now?"
"Anyone had experience with taking Wellbutrin along with another antidepressant to combat the inability to orgasm?"
"Been off Lexapro for 8 months now, still having issues regulating my emotions..."
"That’s it, I’m done. I’m never using antidepressants again"
Remeron
"Does anything happen if you don’t take your antidepressants at the same time every day?"
"Prozac Rash/Skin Sensitivity?"
"is it normal to feel worse when you first start taking antidepressants?"
"mdma and fluoxetine"
"Can antidepressants cause PMS (or make me realize I have it)?"
"Antidepressants and Vision Side Effects"
"Almost two weeks on sertraline, and yet, haven't felt any difference. Not even side effects."
"Not eating causing symptoms to come back?"
"Could a too high dose cause anxiety?"
Lexapro
"Buspirone withdrawal depression"
"Antidepressants & Adderall"
SSRI
"This one was a hard video for me to film - so i hope it helps somebody Coming Off AntiDepressants  - My Experience https://youtu.be/SOZnB29Jbkk"
"Muscle tension"
"A single dose of a popular class of psychiatric drug used to treat depression can alter the brain’s architecture within hours"
"Advice: Zoloft to Cymbalta"
"Anybody with sleep anxiety? Did antidepressants help you?"
"Tapering off Wellbutrin 300mg with Vyvanse 30mg"
"3 weeks off... no symptoms?"
"Zoloft week 6"
"Personality change"
"Nightmares as a side effect of sertraline?"
"Drinking while on venlafaxine"
"Is Now an Okay Time to Start Lexapro?"
"Trazodone no longer working"
"Thinking about trying fluvoxamine."
"Doxepin withdrawal?"
"Antidepressants and pregnancy."
"Sorry guys but.."
"Is my antidepressant worsening me? How long do these side effects last? The internet says should be 1-2 weeks."
"Stopped months ago, have diarrhea ever since"
"Is 30 mg celexa safe?"
Wellbutrine
"Zoloft and alcohol interactions?"
"Citalopram 20mg - When do I know if this is working or not?"
"When did you realize it was time to dose up (Dr. Recommended)"
"What drugs can you take with Zoloft"
"2cb and brintellix (trintellix)?"
"Playing with Fire: Risking the development of a Movement Disorder for Relief from Severe Depression? For me it might be worth it. The depression is that hellish. Can anyone relate?"
"Fluoextine - side effects of missing two doses in a row?"
"Accidentaly took expired Zoloft of 3yrs"
"Zoloft crash after three months, feeling alone"
"Trazodone alternatives?"
"how long do you wait before giving up a medication?"
"Is this symptoms of SSRI/Anti depressants?"
"Do painkillers help with SSRI withdrawal at all?"
"When does Effexor sleepiness go away?"
"I think I have serotonin syndrome"
"When wa the exact moment you realized that antidepressants gave you back your old self?"
"Quitting setraline (Zoloft)?"
"Venlafaxine and heart issues"
"Losing all sense of self"
"Will i go back?"
"Is 5 days of nightly use of Doxepin long enough to cause brain zaps with cessation? I’m getting them pretty bad with no prior use and can’t think of any other reason as to why I’d get them"
"Zoloft & binge eating"
"Heat Exhaustion"
"Can trintellix/Abilify cause insomnia and loss of appetite? How do i fix this?"
"Stored Bupropion inappropriately?"
"Not sure where else to ask this: I’m aware of genesight and genomind, but as someone who has their DNA sequences by Ancestry already, is there a (cheaper) service that can use that data to provide similar insights?"
"Please advise. Could really use some input and personal experiences. Thank you."
"citalopram dreams"
"On growing up depressed"
"Just started sertraline"
"Delayed brain zaps after quitting Zoloft?"
"Starting Paxil - help!"
"Off Fluoxetine(GEN PROZAC) For 3 Weeks - No more Bad Dreams ( Could this be related to Birth Control? )"
"Jaw chattering / major stiffness"
Nausea
"What is the reason that luvox is used specifically for OCD?"
"Alternative to mirtazapine(sleep med)?"
"How soon after you start tapering off an SSRI should withdrawal start?"
"6 months on Zoloft @ 50mg. What kind of withdrawal can I expect?"
"anti depressants ruined my life lol"
"Venlafaxine and pepcid?"
"For those who know about 10% taper, I have some question! Tell me is it fine?"
"New to sertraline"
"Want to quit"
"Fear of medication"
"Will the medicine ""prevent"" me from thinking?"
"Any good ways to keep yourself distracted when quitting antidepressants?"
"What antidepressant has worked best for your Insomnia?"
"Shivering and shaking?"
Genesight
"Curing the symptoms vs curing DEPRESSION"
"What dose? Paroxetine/Paxil"
"What is the best medication for really severe GAD and social anxiety (and some depression)?"
"Is anyone one second feeling motivated and happy to depressed and not motivated to do anything?"
"Recreational substances and antidepressants"
"withdrawals & weightgain.."
"What would happen to me if I took 20x the recommended dose of escitalopram?"
"zoloft taper appetite and mood update: 12.5 mg"
"Weight, dosage and side effects"
"Wellbutrin withdrawals and weight gain?"
"Are there any antidepressants like benzos?"
"Ups and downs?"
Insomnia
"Clomipramine Less than 25mg?"
"Does anyone else get irritability on SNRIs?"
"WNPR story about a guy who had a very problematic reaction to/usage of Paxil"
"Thanks anti depressants for ruining my life"
"Please help. Looking for advice. Thank you."
snri
"Just got prescribed Citalopram after cold turkeying Zoloft"
"I’m always tired on Zoloft"
"Citalopram sleep trouble"
"Is 7 months of lexapro enough ?"
"What would you say is the best medication for OCD/Intrusive Thoughts? Did it help you live in the moment?"
Fluoxetine
"Day 3 prozac an need advice!"
"I am planning to discontinue Olanzapine and Amitriptyline."
"Immediate Release vs. Extended Release: Out of lithium- can I take old pills?"
"Had one drink, how long should I wait before taking my ssri?"
"me again. is it possible to be SUPER sensitive to a reduction in Paxil dosage?"
"Anyone take Caplyta?"
Anyone?
"Buspar? You're experience taking it for anxiety"
"Strong withdrawals"
So..
"Started Prozac (fluoxetine) about 6 weeks ago and I've got serious insomnia."
"Anyone else stop Paxil because they couldn’t sleep while on it?"
"So sick from withdrawal …"
Prozac
"Lexapro fatigue"
"Does anyone else get this nausea and excessive yawning with their AD?"
"Celexa and panic attacks"
"I know stupid to ask, Hey guys advice please any.."
"starting antidepressants question"
Mirtazapine
"For those experiencing sexual difficulties on SSRIs"
"Citalopram Withdrawals unbearable, going back on 10mg?"
"Effexor weird feeling"
"Pirlindole: Can I take it sublingually or does it need to get first-pass metabolized to become bioavalaible?"
"Prozac vs Zoloft-libido"
"Is there a “Welbutrin” alternative? Depression/ADHD"
"Citalophram withdrawal symptom?"
"Venlafaxine to Setraline (tapering one, starting the other)"
"Alcohol and Zoloft"
"Quitting antidepressants"
"I’m scared of taking my antidepressants"
"Ending Lexapro and Sex Drive"
"Wellbutrin questions"
"Tianeptine question"
"Quit Lorien cold turkey"
"Parnate Secrets"
"Switching ssri?"
"Are there any good antidepressants?"
"Does anyone here take Inositol while taking a SSRI?"
"Has anyone taken Cheers alcohol aid with antidepressants??"
"Upped sertraline dosage and (stupidly) drank alcohol on same day"
Leviron/Mianserin
"Can I do a water fast on Zoloft?"
"can i take my antidepressants sooner than 24 hours apart?"
"Does hair loss from antidepressants slow down the longer you’re on the med?"
"Weaning advice"
Valdoxan/Lamegom/Agomelatin
"Huge improvement with anxiety and depression"
"It feels like things don't affect me at all anymore, even things that should. Is that normal?"
"Please help if you can. I have pssd. and I would appreciate your feedback."
"Lexapro withdrawal after one week?"
"How bad are the effects when skipping a day (Wellbutrin)"
"torn between going back on or staying off"
"Dizziness and weird motor function"
"Increasing dosage, symptoms return??"
"going from Paxil to Anafranil"
"Second Try with meds"
"Clomipramine/Anafranil Hairloss!??"
"Alcohol and antidepressants (Effexor)"
"Considering giving Wellbutrin another go"
"How Long Will These Side Effects of Prozac Last?"
"Should I try citalapram again"
"So I forgot to take Sertralin yesterday. Took it today right before sleep, because I also nearly forgot today, so most likely at least over 36 hours since I have taken it. I am feeling like I am about to throw up, my head is spinning, I can't walk straight. Is this normal?"
"Wellbutrin/serequel/biphentin combination"
Headache
"Anti Anxiety and Side Effects Help."
"Alternatives to Zoloft and Prozac"
"Help ! I am hopeless.. Lexapro to Effexor to Trintellix"
"Really bad SSRI nightmares that seem to be getting worse even 3-4 weeks after quitting Prozac?"
"Is this normal"
"Double dose temporarily?"
"Will Citalopram give me the same side effects as Sertraline?"
"Increased anxiety on zoloft"
"My psychiatrist can't prescribe me antidepressants."
"SSRIs and sex drive"
"Luvox not working"
"what should i switch to next?"
"Supplements and Antidepressants"
"Antidepressants killed my sex drive"
"Switching Medication without Weening?"
"missing a dose of wellbutrin"
"Antidepressant induced depersonalization"
"Withdrawal Symptoms from Viibryd"
"I got poisoned, should I vomit while on Effexor?"
"Medication Change Help"
"Is it safe to drop a tab while on 10mg of prozac?"
"Abilify refill issues - Concerns about withdrawal"
"Are there any kinds of medication that you can take for depression & anxiety that don't have to be taken daily, and only when you feel as if you need it?"
"Pristiq/Desvenlafaxine Taper?"
"does anyone else experience overheating on SNRI antidepressants"
"For males, does your anti-depressant make you last longer? (Delayed ejaculation)"
"When the SSRI plateaus"
"Brain zaps "
"Day 2 of Effexor-"
"Randomly having vivid memories of past dreams I’ve had."
"Advice on lowering Prozac and returning symptoms…"
"cymbalta/zoloft history/cannabis/sos"
"Permanent brain damage from anti-depressants?"
"Sleepwalking on zoplicone"
"switching sertraline brands"
"My cousind OD'd but we dont know what other drugs she took pls help"
"Ssri poop out"
"Kind of sad and confused about my body"
"Tapering off SSRIs"
"Blood Vessels in Eyes Look Shot w/Lexapro"
"Starting Effexor tomorrow and freaking out, some very specific questions about side effects"
"Do u also have watery semen on SSRIs ? Is there any way to fix it ?"
"Anyone get intense intuitive thoughts after missing a dose of antidepressants"
"Vivid dreams and nightmares stopping after antidepressants?"
"Getting off pristiq for my own good. Can someone share their withdrawal stories and general experience with it?"
"Is 7.5mg Mirtazapine effective for anyone?"
"Anxiety and nicotine"
"Does anyone have perceived muscle weakness and slurred speech from antidepressants?"
"Weight Loss After Quitting Citalopram?"
"Some Mirtazipine questions... Please share your experience."
"Erectile dysfunction"
"Effexor problems"
"Trintellix Heart “Flutter” Feeling"
"Which other SSRI's make you feel really calm like Lexapro?"
"antidepressants for teens success stories"
"I’m so tired of always seeing articles on the internet saying how bad antidepressants are for you and how they’re going to destroy your body/cells"
"Pramipexole and music"
"Significant weight gain after 18 months of antidepressants"
"Lamotrigine and Effexor"
"Pharmacy opens at 9 AM tomorrow. Right now, my version of brain zaps are driving me nuts. Any temporary relief?"
"How many antidepressants did you have to switch to finally find the one?"
"Trintelix killing my sex drive"
"I’ve been on Zoloft for 8 years and I’m switching to Lexapro"
Question
"Things to help nausea?"
"Experiences with the SSRI Viibryd?"
"Antidepressants destroyed my life."
"Anyone else experiencing intense feelings of depression in your dreams?"
Abilify?
"Numbness + detachment"
"Any tips on how to cope during the first week on antidepressant?"
"celexa and ibuprofen"
"Started antidepressants today…"
"my eyes are swollen waking up on mirtazapine"
"Antidepressant or my head?"
"Anti-depressants not working. What should I do next?"
"Antidepressants disfigured me"
Limitless
"Citalopram and weight gain?"
"Do antidepressants work against loneliness?"
"Shrinking Clitoris because of Antidepressants?"
"Any Kiwi's here taking Maclobamide?"
"is it normal for olanzapine or effexor to cause stutters?"
"Potentially going off meds…but not by choice"
"Luvox vs Zoloft Comparison"
"Any people who got success on antidepressants?"
"antidepressants helping with my depression but not anxiety. ive tried so many meds but still no help. anyone ever been in this situation/what did you do?"
"getting off of ssri’s"
"Remeron withdrawal"
"How do you its time to stop taking meds?"
"Just Curious about success story’s"
"Prozac and positive benzo urine screen"
"Coming off Zoloft after 9 weeks"
"For anyone on 75 mg Zoloft..."
"Update: I love Prozac but I still need to switch to Zoloft (a somewhat success story)"
"I need help please right now. I'm fearing for myself. Please."
"Antidepresant (Zoloft) withdrawal syndrome"
"Is it safe to take Resveratrol with Zoloft?"
"Antidepressants Troubles and Switching"
"Adhd / bipolar 2"
"Coming off of Venlafaxine and weight"
"Worst side effects of sertraline"
"Sertraline withdrawal & loss of appetite"
"Ashwagandha for SSRI sexual dysfunction"
"should i roll tonight? don’t judge pls"
"Is this withdrawal or is it something else?"
"first time on Sertraline"
"How do you explain how you're feeling to your psychiatrist when you're not sure?"
"effexor overdose effects"
Shrooms&Escitaloprame?
"Should I take my meds now?"
"Lack of Pleasure"
"has anyone tried Moon Juice super you supplements and are they safe to take in addition to antidepressants and beta blockers??"
"Wellbutrin/Brupopion Withdrawl"
"Itching problems with mirtazapine"
"mirtazapine and inositol?"
"Antidepressants & trying to conceive?"
"Can someone give me guidance? :)"
"Withdraw help. Maybe kindled"
"Side effects too much to take"
"Fiancée stopped taking her Zoloft cold turkey. Looking for symptom confirmation."
"switching from Lexapro to Paxil/Aropax"
"Advice wanted, and would like to hear your bupropion withdrawal symptoms"
"We must spread the news"
"Starting mirtazapine- what are your experiences?"
"Want to know your experience with SSRIs"
"When quiting antidepressant how effective is fish oil ?"
"Started Agomelatine yesterday"
"Can tolerance to SSRI over time cause physical symptoms?"
"What is the best medication?"
"Feel like less of a woman..."
"Why does your likelihood of a med working for you decrease after you try more and more meds?"
"Medication question"
"I’m confused about anti depressants"
"Side effects of new meds or withdrawal of old meds?"
"Finally feeling happy after 1.5 years of MDD?"
"Reversible Moclobemide"
"I am on Wellbutrin 300 mg but it doesn’t help with libido loss from previous ADs. What should I add ?"
"When will Wellbutrin xl start to work?"
"Wellbutrin: Switching from immediate release to extended release. Experiences?"
"Prozac/Wellbutrin unsuccessful, what now?"
"My life is a nightmare"
"Is this normal?"
"Starting citalopram 20mg"
"Home remedies for withdrawal symptoms?"
"Non-SSRI antidepressants that help anxiety?"
"wellbutrin and lexapro"
"I feel terrible physically and I don't know why, is it anxiety, depression, my ADs?"
"Okay to take siberian rhodiola whilst on Prozac"
"Hoping to get put on wellbutrin…but HOW?"
"Antidepressants causing red cheeks/flushing?"
Paroxetine
"Milnacipran/norepinephrine effects question"
"To Abilify or not to Abilify…"
"period pain on escitalopram?"
"I feel hopeless and don’t want medication but it may be worth it."
"Quit citalopram cold turkey"
"My Running Experiment Using Sodium (Table Salt) as Alternative to Prescribed Meds"
"Is life better on or off antidepressants?"
"Making a direct switch from Celexa to Cymbalta? Is this possible without feeling like absolute shit?"
"sexual pleasure and weed"
"Protracted Zoloft withdrawal is killing me after 2 month stopping."
"Can I just stop taking citalopram?"
"experience crushing pristiq/desvenlafaxine?"
"Missed a couple of days"
"Going off Amitriptyline"
"Is it the medication or a change in appetite that causes weight gain"
"No Morning Wood"
"Experiences going off wellbutrin?"
"i got my first antidepressant but i'm too scared to use because of my work"
"Ffs I cannot do this shit anymore"
"What should I do?"
"Need help with obsessive thoughts/addiction. Pls"
"I take 25 mg sertraline. Right now I also take cetirizine for allergies and plan on drinking a little during a party tonight. Can I take these combinations without any problems?"
"I’m on 20mg Celexa and I want to taper off. How do I do it?"
"Wellbutrin and alcohol"
"Loss of strength and fatigue on paroxetine!"
"Reintroducing Marijuana after stopping Wellbutrin"
"I don't want to go on anti-depressants but I don't know what else to do"
"When will they go?"
"ssri or snri"
"does Wellbutrin make you drowsy?"
"Withdrawal Insomnia"
"Starting bupropion while on Prozac, are mood swings normal...?"
"Nutrition deficiency (effexor/abilify/Klonopin)"
"Why doesn't my doc prescribe Tianeptine?"
"Luvox and sex drive?"
"Any chance that Amitriptyline will help with mood?"
"Took wellbutrin 150mg first dose, immediate regret - how long to flush out?"
"Can SSRI poop out cause physical symptoms as well as mood"
"Quitting Wellbutrin Cold Turkey"
"Does it get worse before it gets better?"
"Switched from Lexapro to Trintellix/Busipirone"
"Can Prozac and Celexa be taken together"
"Withdrawal weight gain"
"Any advice for starting pristiq?"
"Appetite suppressant and antidepressants"
"How do you know your antidepressant is working?"
"Citalopram sedation"
"Unbearable Antidepressant side effects"
"Has Lexapro Changed Your Emotions?"
"Effexor and constipation"
"Antidepressants and hypersexuality?"
"Skin/Acne problem when on Mirtazapine."
"Antidepressants and fatigue with adderall"
"Stopped and I feel better?"
"Anybody else feel this way?"
"snris and 5htp, can I skip a day to avoid negative interactions of serotonin syndrome risk?"
"Change from Effexor? Weight Gain"
"Alcohol after being off"
"What’s gonna make me sleepy that I can take on lexapro?"
"Been off ADs and feeling super dizzy"
"I have been on 6 different antidepressants over the past few years and none of them helped. Any suggestions on which ones to try next?"
"Lexapro but with lees side effects? Feel emotionally unstable"
"Did antidepressants negatively effect your ability to feel love?"
"Meds making it hard for me to be sexually active…ugh"
"Which made you gain the most weight out of Lexapro, Zoloft and Prozac?"
"Worried about hair loss from bupropion"
"is it worth it?"
"Starting Cymbalta"
"Anyone had trouble losing weight on Cymbalta and/or Buspirone?"
"Can Valdoxan/Agomelatine be combined with an SSRI?"
"Viibryd changing the smell of my urine?"
"Effexor and Wellbutrin"
"After 13 years on SSRI (Paxil), slow taper, digestion issues persist"
"weaning off pristiq – 25 mg for 2 months"
"Prozac + Trazodone = Trippy Experience"
"My doctor prescribed me pexep CR25. I took it for 3 days, but really wanted to jerk off so I stopped. It's been 3 more days and I'm still not able to climax. Is something wrong with me?"
"Switching from generic Paxil to Brand Name"
Help
"Really strong body pains/sensitivity to the point where I can’t run or workout at all after tapering off Prozac?"
"Prozac and Anorgasmia"
"Anti anxiety and depressants?"
"Side Effects of trazodone (deprax, desyrel)?"
"on mirtazapine but still anxious"
"Switch from Paxil to Zoloft, not working!!"
"The happier I am, the more nonexistent my sex life is. I’m missing out on an important part of life and I’m wondering if I have other options"
"When do the effects of prozac and withdrawl stop after you stop taking them?"
"Wellbutrin experiences"
"So worried about sertraline (zoloft) :("
"Rare side effects-- can anyone else relate?"
"Mirtazapine Insomnia"
"Withdrawal after how long?"
"Extremely violent & vivid nightmares on Wellbutrin?"
"Best Agomelatine augmentation combo"
"Delayed Side Effects?!"
"Every antidepressant I try makes me feel emotionally dull."
"So what are the best antidepressants?"
"Looking for advice"
"if your decreased libido persists even after you ween off meds - you're not alone"
"Want to quit"
Zoloft
"Easiest antidepressants on stomach?"
"Wellbutrin XL and Buspar?"
"New Psychtrist"
"is it my antidepressant making me feel like this?"
"Anything to ease brain zaps?"
"How do you know when it is the right time?"
"Escitalopram withdrawal vs Paxil withdrawal?"
"Sertraline shakiness?"
"Vortioxetine, any good?"
"Experience with imipramine?"
"Psychiatrist told me to switch cold turkey from Lexapro (20 mg) to Xoloft (100 mg). Is that why I’m feeling depressed again?"
"covid vaccine on mirtazapine"
"Coming clean"
Irritated
"Anyone on Paxil (Paroxetine)?"
"How to get back empathy after prozac?"
"mirtazapine going from 15 to 30 mg"
"What does emotional numbness actually feel like?"
"Low dose Maclobamide (MAOI) while on an SxRI (Effexor) - is it ever done?"
"Maclobamide - how is your experience with dietary restrictions"
"can i take my prescription xanax (.25 or .5) in the morning and then be able to drink or smoke later in the day? I also take prozac 30mg"
Incontinence
"Has anyone tried Even for antidepressants?"
"SSRI Weight Loss"
"Ran out"
"Paxil shaking"
"Wellbutrin and foquest what does it do"
"Pristiq side effects"
"Lamotrigine 150mg and concerta 27mg"
"Wellbutrin 150 XL. Teva Brand. SO sleepy.... Keep trying? Try a different brand? Try SR? Tell me your experiences."
"Just started Pristiq"
"Is Effexor (Venlafaxine) good for depression and generalized anxiety?"
"Do all antidepressants cause emotional numbness?"
"Serotonin syndrome, cannabis, and SNRI’s"
"They're working!!!"
"Does Sertraline actually help you?"
"prozac and insomnia"
"Going cold turkey?"
"any recommendations for online IOP for anxiety?"
"My psychiatrist refused to see me"
"Why don't psychiatrists talk more about the physical effects of brain chemicals?"
"How to deal with tiredness and physical numbness?"
"Is my libido and erection going to recover if i stop ad's or am i fucked for ever?"
"How to get back on meds"
"Night sweats on Venlafaxine"
"Had a seizure from Wellbutrin"
"Fluoxetine to mirtazapine"
"How long does it take for vortioxetine to work for motivation?"
"My gf started to take antidepressants recently and tonight she is moving her hands and arms uncontrollably. Need help to understand what's going on and if we should be concerned"
"Dilated pupils while on antidepressants?"
"trying out cymbalta"
"Body used to dosage and is no longer good enough? (Sertraline)"
